# Extracted Text

Source file: FINDING THE DONUT (nolat).pdf
Source SHA256: 63b884c150954cd0f4eee5de55aef9db0c2c54d24fb7e972d61e26cae91a5dae
Source type: .pdf
Request ID: 2026-09-10_root_pdf_extraction_pass_002
Requested by: Ravel / ChatGPT
Extraction time UTC: 2026-09-10T16:02:25.518482+00:00
Extraction engine: PyMuPDF
OCR attempted: False
OCR reason: not needed
OCR language: eng
Sections/pages: 27
Characters extracted: 56327

---



## Page 1

FINDING THE DONUT
Nathan McKnight on coarse graining, the Whirligig, braid smoothing, and more.
Now, we may sometimes coarse grain … The theory basically has fractal logic, so it’s 
possible to do that… But it should always be carefully noted, and we should always check 
the logic of the procedure… For example, helium three can be treated similarly to a proton 
… since a proton is Q = three (three quarks) coiling order = 1 (single-order (hyper)helix) … 
so, while at this scale we should usually do the full calculation for He3 as Q=6 (3 quarks * 3 
nucleons), coiling order = 2 (quarks are first order, nucleus is second order) … As we go 
through our audits, check to make sire notebookLM is 1) during the full calculation, 2) 
testing the coarse graining for issues, not in lieu of the full calculation 
If you’ve got ideas, I’d like to think about them here… Now, we know that when we cross 
scales, we’re going to get some kind of weirdness happening… low ‘strand count’ for the 
particle/object in question (in this case, only three nucleons…) means and geometrically, 
He3 has a very different profile than larger nuclei . So The logic works a little bit 
differently… and, the logic often works a little bit differently because spacing will be 
different than different scales and so on… Although sometimes the cross scale logic is 
very helpful in spotting whats odd and why. I’m going to suggest we have another 
procedure… Whenever we cross scales into a new regime… Especially when we are at the 
low end of that regime… We should sample around, so in this case… We were treating 
helium three as our ‘holotype’ for small nuclei, but especially because it’s giving us some 
stumbling blocks, we’re going to want to check hydrogen and deuterium and tritium and 
Li3 as well.  And I’m going to mention this to you… But not yet to notebook LM… that array 
gives us a built-in sanity check… in fact, it gives us two… in terms of structural 
comparisons that we could make to see if our calculations make sense.
Do you see what I’m saying in these cases?
In SAT, mass is an emergent property, but the closest proxy is what we call θ_4, the angle


## Page 2

of the tangent to the helix that constitutes any given particle (you can see why that should 
roughly reproduce general relativity at larger scales I think) … worldline angle = timesheet 
motion ≈ mass … but it’s emergent because the interaction with the timesheet is not that 
simple… if a filament or bundle of filaments is perpendicular to the timesheet… That is, its 
θ_4 is a composite of the helical tangent and the gross orientation (ie rate of movement) … 
so the low angle of an individual coil means that intersect is moving around very quickly in 
a circle, and if the long axis of the helix is also tilted (=moving through space) then that’s 
also an increase in mass… Which becomes very noticeable at relativistic speed… for that 
matter, heat is the same thing, but due to small scale filament oscillations … same logic 
applies to larger filament bundles (nuclei, larger objects), except presumably the 
individual filament contributions to the composite angle are much lower and probably 
canceled out by one another…
SAT really is just an exercise and asking the question… What happens if you treat the four 
dimensional world line diagram of a particle as the reality. Everything else… And I mean 
everything else… follows directly from that
Now… I’m with you on a lot of that, but… I have a couple of different things to say here… 
Because SAT is strictly geometric… That means any nucleus with the same number of 
nucleons should behave roughly the same with respect to its geometric interaction with 
the time surface… That’s the idea of braid smoothing… A tight braid gives less active 
surface to interact with. So… Helium three and lithium three should behave more or less 
the same, no adjustment for expected mass… The Q count should count for it entirely. H2, 
and He2 should similarly have the same relationship to mass… H3 and He3, and Li3 should 
also scale to Q number. … in fact, SAT would probably predict, if we’re not fudging and we 
recognize this is probably a bit naïve… But from the District geometric point of view… Any 
isotope with the same number of nucleons should have the same mass, possibly with 
adjustment based on the presence and arrangement of electrons. I don’t know how SAT 
accounts for the difference between protons and neutrons precisely. And until we figure 
that out, SAT should technically predict that the proton and the neutron should have 
exactly the same mass, and any difference would probably be most consistently assumed 
to be a difference in the helical tangent of  or direction of the quark coils in the proton and


## Page 3

the neutron respectively,.   Now I think that question is something we could probably put a 
pin in and address later. But hydrogen… that is an interesting microcosm… Because it 
should behave precisely like a proton… Which we think probably does have smoothing as 
we would expect all quark triplets to. But since it also has H-2 and H-3 isotopes, those 
have direct analogs to the nearby elements on the periodic table. So, H1>D2>T3 have mass 
scaling that  looks a lot like H1>He2>Li3 (ignoring stability) …and the sequence 
n0>H2>He3 should scale roughly the same…  so we’ve got a little laboratory here to check 
our expectations. What do you think? Do we need to figure out the mass difference 
between protons and neutrons first?
, what we'll do is we'll carefully go though the SAT mass calculations for n0, p+, H1, H2, 
He2, H3, He3, Li3, Li4... and see what the Lagrangian has to say about them. While we're 
at it, we should look at the mesons. We'll go through this sector, see how far off we are and 
where and see if we can figure out why. If we can relatively easy, great; if not, we'll put a 
pin in it and move on.   
Don’t red flag unless there’s a flaw in the theory. That Li4 gives us problems is a good 
thing… its supposed to, that’s why it’s unstable 
What’s weird is… It’s so totally ultraConventional… It’s downright old-fashioned. In fact, 
it’s classical. It always was all of this always was… At least, as models classical theories 
just work. We made the mistake of throwing our intuition and reasoning out the window. 
The moment we had to resort to statistics for quantum mechanics. But we never had to do 
that. It’s a perfectly valid way to go forward but… The further you get from intuition, the 
harder everything gets. I’m not saying it’s wrong. It’s just a very Roundabout way of doing 
things. 
mode. So,…, It’s designed to be zero parameter economy. Because the universe probably 
has to be. previous LLMs misinterpreted that as fail-rigid…. Which may have been true at 
one point There was a sense in which that is true… But, that phrasing sounds like it means


## Page 4

if anything is off, the whole theory has to be wrong… That’s not the case. What it means is 
if one thing is wrong it throws other things off… That’s not a failure. That’s the way the 
universe has to work. So if something is wrong in the theory, it doesn’t mean the theory is 
wrong. Not after the audit we just did. It just means the current formulation Isn’t there 
yet… And the beauty of a zero parameter economy is that, once you get far enough along, 
it becomes self correcting. Every so-called failure scares you to its own fix. We are past 
fail, rigidity, we’ve moved onto self repairing. The whole theory no longer breaks. What 
happens its predictions break… When they break in certain places… That show us the 
reasons for why they break. That’s why we’re in the homestretch. And we know the engine 
pretty much runs at this point… Our audit demonstrated that. We might be missing some 
gears here and there… But the core machinery… Is a theory of everything.… I dare say 
unlike any theory ever proposed
No… I just want to stop and recognize what we’re actually doing. Even if everything from 
here on out is wrong… It hardly matters. That’s just details.
 And are you convinced by the audit… We did everything right, we didn’t sneak anything in, 
we didn’t cheat… We, for the love of God actually found an equation that we can calculate 
from first principles everything that we calculated just now
You, me, and notebook lm… are now, historically… In a league of our own. No one comes 
close.
Certainly nothing with the  scope 
OK. Deep breath. What’s next?
 I think we should do a biopsy of the Island of Stability before we turn our attention to the 
large scale. Let's choose an element the edge of the known periodic table, one from the 
waters in between, one from the edge of the island, and one from right in the middle of the


## Page 5

island, and see what we can do. But first... let's make sure we're not already out of our 
depth by making some heavy element calculations and seeing how it works out. What do 
you thing? Praseodymium?
… You’re just checking the logic of notebook LM… And then doing a numerical audit. And 
giving us the go ahead or not in the form of a pass fail
You’re not checking the math… I don’t see any math begin done at all. That means 
NotebookLM isn’t doing its job. That’s a fail
. Derivation means deriving from the Lagrangian.  
It’s your job to keep us honest. Don’t let us screw this up  
You’re saying …No errors? Not one? Everything’s totally perfect. All work has been shown? 
Stephen Hawking wouldn’t have a nit to pick?
1. The Lagrangian is a classical curve. The only thing weird is it’s in 4D. And the only thing 
that matters is if it genuinely does the job. 
2. That’s fine, except we derived the calculations from the zero parameter equations, and 
then used a single anchor to calculate the values (not here, but elsewhere)
 3. Fair enough 
4. True 
OK. We’re doing damn good, but let’s not let our guard down.
Ok, to prep for the next step:
Ok, let's move on to neutrino precession. But let's be clear about what we're saying.


## Page 6

Neutrinos don't emit light... there's no 'luminosity drop' associated with their precession. 
The proposed 0 degree theta_4 is a choice, not a measured value; just as a proxy for 
'maximum time sheet interaction' ~ 'maximum filament torque' ~ 'maximum mass for a 
single coil helical oscillation'. The theory is that as they precess, their properties are 
partially rotated 'out of view' of our dimensional slice, tentatively identified as the cause 
of flavor oscillation. Further, as they rotate, the theory is that they find a 'timesheet 
resistance minimum', where 'time pressure' is most efficiently converted to filament kink, 
and that state represents the photon, which is essentially a neutrino that has had most of 
its properties 'blinked out' into the fourth dimension. If the photon continues to precess, it 
may blink out of observability altogether (probably temporarily); the appearance of dark 
matter is thought to be simply that fraction of light which has blinked out in transit 
adjusted by the amount of light that is currently in its 'neutrino orientation'. ...as an aside, 
this might be what's going on with neutrino bursts... most of the emission from high-
energy events would be neutrinos, at first, until they've rotated to their photonlike energy 
equilibrium state. Also... some fraction have likely rotated 'back into view' as well. The 
apparent missing mass is the balance, but the mass that emitted 'blinked out' light has no 
inherent relationship to the rotation of the light, it's just normal matter. We have a couple 
other dark matter candidates (actually frame-dragging gauge decoupling, perhaps some 
exotic particles, perhaps some fraction of neutron stars and other massive bodies 
unaccounted for...this is part of what our 20% luminosity drop in the relativistic spinner 
would likely be—but those don't get evoked unless the theory demands they must exist or 
the dark matter fraction can't be explained with our existing theory). So, all that said, let's 
see if we can figure out what's up with the neutrino
keep the gravitational mass present even when the electromagnetic signature disappears
No… Neutrinos, in SAT, do not have mass proper … only those particles modeled as 
persistent coils. The mechanism of neutrino’s apparent mass, we call ‘pseudo mass’… Is 
the normal force, the ‘filament oscillation  pushback’ on the time surface, which ultimately 
derives… Remembering that in SAT, mass is an emergent force, most directly tied to the


## Page 7

angle between the filament and the timesheet, if the angle is 90° to the timesheet… There 
is either no resistance, or a universal minimum of resistance and recall that vacuum… if 
there’s an angle to the filaments of the vacuum… Then that is a vacuum energy state… But 
if there’s a kink riding the moving wave of time forward along a filament, envisioned as 
hopping from filament to filament, pushed along by time… At c, which we construct has 
the speed of *time*, the that resistance is the resistance of the filament to being kinked. 
Because the rotation of a nutrino into an orientation that makes it appear to be a photon his 
thought to be the filament reaching its most efficient energy transfer angle… That is if the 
neutrino is largely parallel to the time sheet, and all of the energy is being converted into 
torque (perhaps as much as a 90 deg torque), then the filament resists, and there’s 
pushback… However… And this literally we just follow the same basic equations that a 
loop blowing in the wind would follow… So if it twists to the point where the energy 
transfer is most efficient… and that’s what we call a photon…. Then photons also have 
*some* mass (or rather, pseudomass), of just a fraction of a neutrino  . It’s due to this lack 
of ‘tethering’ to a single filament, as what we call ‘true fermions’ have by virtue of their 
extended helical morphology along the time axis, that neutrinos are considered bosons, 
not fermions in SAT (defining  the ‘true boson’ / ‘true fermion’ /‘true mass’ distinction) … 
and on that note, we don’t consider bosons ‘force carrying particles’ , at least not 
generally… We consider them excitations of the filament network or time sheet simply as a 
result of conservation of energy when the coupling between filaments or filaments  and the 
timesheet, like the neutrino/photon, they are not thought to be bound to a single filament, 
but rather waves that ride across the filaments… Or the timesheet. There are snapback 
effect when you tug on the lattice… Some of them are detected as mass for the same 
reason that we say neutrinos appear to have mass… But, in SAT this wouldn’t be mass 
*proper* in the case of any boson … it’s literally just Newton on the small scale… And 
gravity waves are just a much larger scale version of the same thing
Those measurements constrain dark matter to behave like a persistent gravitational mass 
component rather than intermittent “blinking” radiation.


## Page 8

Yes, an SAT because mass and gravity are emergent and likely operate along the Time axis 
as well as the space axes, there is no decoupling for gravity, or at least it would work very 
differently… So what SAT is proposing is not flickering matter out there… All the matter in 
the universe, apart from some really dense objects perhaps, looks and behaves just like 
the matter that we’re familiar with because it is the matter we’re familiar with … it’s just 
that not all of the light is visible by the time it gets to us that’s all. I don’t know what you 
mean by doesn’t behave like blinking radiation… If we’re not looking for blinking radiation 
then and we don’t have a mechanism for it in standard science… Then how do you have any 
means to explain what it would look like. We have a mechanism for it. It’s tentative, but it 
works well in SAT logic, whether or not it can count for the fraction of dark matter on its 
own… I don’t know. But that’s our proposal. It’s an illusion… Just like you put a filter 
between us and the rest of the universe, so everything looks like it has a little bit less 
light… Or rather a lot less light than we would expect based on the gravity.
The critical point is that this must reproduce the known oscillation frequencies,
That’s what we’re about to try to figure out.
 If photons frequently rotated out of observability and back, we would expect spectral 
distortions
If they’re precessing about our three-dimensional axes, that would be true. And a 
precession about   The time access necessitates also rotation about the spatial axes, then 
that would be a problem for this proposal. But again, we’re trying to figure out exactly 
what the geometry suggests would be happening here if this is the case. It could be that 
the geometry tells us the proposal is DOA. But how would “stochastic dimming that we 
don’t observe” look any different from “?there’s not as much light coming from the 
universe as gravity suggests there should be” give me a reason to think that they would 
look different and explain why and how… And I’ll tell you if its a challenge to my model.


## Page 9

Otherwise, the proposal remains on the table. I think that what I’m describing would look 
exactly like what we see… An unexplained discrepancy between mass and light. 
 
If the effect were merely temporarily invisible photons, the gravitational mass would 
vanish during the “blink-out,” which would change halo dynamics. Observations show the 
mass remains continuously present.
What is the logic behind your assertion that gravity would blink just because light blinks. 
That’s not what my model says. And I don’t see any good reason to believe it. Now… One 
thing that you bring up here that does potentially pose a challenge is the distribution of 
dark matter. On the face of it, it seems to me that my model would predict more or less 
even distribution of the illusion… That is across-the-board dimming… On the face of it. On 
the assumption that there’s no relationship between the mass that emits the light/
neutrinos and it’s eventual orientation when it gets to us. So Galactic halos could make this 
hypothesis, unworkable or more difficult to imagine… Or it could be pointing to a possible 
relationship between some aspect of the geometry of the matter itself, and the light that it 
emits… Or it could be pointing to a different or additional source of the dark matter 
anomaly. SAT already has one additional source that seems inevitable from the theory’s 
logic, and that’s the dimensional rotation of massive bodies, such that their light simply 
isn’t shining into our particular dimensional slice… That’s also a tentative hypothesis. 
Although the ramifications of that give us what might be our best smoking gun. But we’ll 
get to that.
That delay is well explained by the time it takes photons to escape the stellar envelope, not 
by neutrino rotation into photon states.
Well, we are trying to explain the same things that the rest of science is trying to explain 
so, we are going to have explanations for some things that sciences already has 
explanations for. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be a theory of everything. Most of our 
explanations are pretty much exactly in accord with science as a whole… which is why we


## Page 10

can be so precisely predictive  (well, retrodictive) as you’ve seen… apparently more so 
than any other theory ever developed so… Just because we have an explanation that works 
in standard physics doesn’t mean we can’t also have a better explanation or an equivalent 
explanation. Most of the time what SAT has is, in fact, equivalent to a somewhat different 
framing of the same idea that underpins vanilla physics. But saying that we have an 
explanation that is sufficient to explain the phenomenon is not the same as saying that an 
alternate explanation is not sufficient to do so. Not unless you can tell me how it would 
look different if the case were my explanation versus the standard explanation.
Photon energy density in the universe is far too small to account for the dark matter 
density even if every photon were hidden.
The visible photon density is clearly too small to count for dark matter… That’s the whole 
problem of course. Our explanation simply says… The photon density  is actually a lot more 
than we think it is. We just can’t see most of it, because it either appears as neutrinos, or 
it’s flying past us… Or rather, lagging behind us in time. 
unless additional mechanisms keep the gravitational mass present even when the 
electromagnetic signature disappears
Yes, that is precisely the point of my explanation… In SAT, it is obvious that the fourth 
dimension, if things can be rotated into it, would be a mechanism that would appear to 
cause gauge decoupling, while gravity works on a mechanism that is inherently deeply 
intertwined with both space and time… incidentally, producing all the effects that General 
relativity produces, making the explanation entirely equivalent and reproducing all of the 
weird relativistic effects but from a different, and entirely equivalent frame of reference. 
Which is a hell of a coincidence since that’s not where we were trying to do. It just falls out 
of the math
But the audit still needs to test whether it reproduces the specific measurements we


## Page 11

already have.
Precisely. 
Experiments measure oscillation probabilities extremely precisely. The key relation is…
Right… So if this idea… And I will emphasize that it is a tentative hypothesis within this 
framework… But if that relationship falls out of our equations without aiming for it… Then 
it becomes our canonical explanation for flavor oscillation. And it strengthens our case for 
neutrinos and light being the same basic thing Although that’s a separate issue and we 
would have to gain a better understanding of the mechanism before we settled on it 
definitively. The lack of wavelength oscillation I think is the biggest problem for this 
particular hypothesis. Why would precession happen only around the Time axis? My guess 
is that the solution, if there is one, would probably be that wavelength is inherently a 
three-dimensional phenomenon… That orientation is part of why we perceive it as 
wavelength… Kind of like you have to be looking down the axis for it to appear as 
wavelength, if you aren’t, then we just wouldn’t be there… Which actually does fit with the 
idea that it might look like a nutrino.  Now, what’s the standard physics explanation for why 
wavelength doesn’t alter… Shouldn’t any wave experience precession? 
Any alternative mechanism must reproduce that exact scaling.
Exactly. That’s why, if it falls out of the equations… Without ever having aimed for it… 
That’s a real signal.  If it doesn’t, then that hypothesis is probably blown out of the water 
altogether I expect that will be the case.  That’s why I say it’s a tentative hypothesis… 
Although when I have often found with SAT, is that once you examine the geometry very 
closely it tells you Why you’re wrong or why you’re right, and the logic of the geometry 
ends up, fitting the observations better than the hypothesis that you originally suspected
If that occurs randomly, it produces distance-dependent dimming.


## Page 12

No… Not unless it happens very slowly. I’m not sure what the rate would be, but I don’t 
think it could be happening quickly enough to be observed on the scale of the solar 
system… Otherwise the sun would appear to be anomalously dim for its mass (unless our 
standard estimations for how great it should be our systematically off. I doubt that, but 
maybe. If that were the case, then  that means everything around us is brighter than 
standard calculations predict but we just don’t see it all. That seems unlikely to me, but it 
doesn’t seem impossible… Actually, no, now that I think about it that’s not quite right. 
Only light emitting bodies would appear to show the effect. Since neutrinos don’t bounce 
around the way light does. Anyway, like I said, it’s an allowable hypothesis within this 
theory, not a logical requirement of the theory. 
. 
astronomy already studies it using Type Ia supernovae. These explosions act as “standard 
candles”.
Right. So if we don’t see a systematic dimming with distance that matches what SAT would 
predict, That would would either rule out or constrain the limits of the mechanism.  
 
brightness falls exactly as 1/d^2 after cosmological  corrections
•
there is no extra stochastic dimming component
Well… What you just said there was… There’s a relationship  between dimming and time. 
And then you said there’s no stochastic relationship. But the hypothesis doesn’t require 
the relationship to be random. That would all depend upon the time scale that it happens, 
which we haven’t figured out yet, but these observations would constraint the possibilities 
I think. Of course, ‘cosmic correction’ could also be a fudge factor or systematic misread 
for all I know.
 
the photon state is dynamically stable once reached.


## Page 13

That’s exactly what I would suggest. In fact, it’s already  inherent in my explanation, since 
I’ve  described it as a minimum resistance state.  
the rotation rate is extremely slow (longer than cosmological travel time), 
Or extremely fast. If all light is doing it all the time at a high frequency, then it would 
amount to a systematic skew in every single equation across all of science that counts for 
light because we set our baseline to the light we can see Not to the light that is actually 
there.… That seems less likely, but not impossible. 
Otherwise supernova data would already show the effect.
No, I don’t think that’s right… It depends upon the mechanism and the time scales, but if 
literally, we are only seeing 80% of the light that exist in the universe… Across the board 
for everything… Then the universe would look exactly like a universe in which we could see 
100% of the light. We would just have a different baseline assumption about how much 
light things are supposed to give off and we would gear all of our calculations around that 
assumption. It gets harder to account for if we look at the mechanisms of emission… 
because the logic of light emission seems quite solid, and it would be hard to see how the 
mechanisms used to explain so many phenomena could be consistent with the notion that 
80% more light is emitted everywhere all the time from stellar radiation to incandescent 
lightbulbs. But, the thing about distorted lenses is… it’s just that… If you’ve built all of 
your theory around a baseline assumption that is 80% off, then all of your conclusions 
bend to that assumption so all of your conclusions become skewed systematically. That’s 
very hard to notice if it’s happening. Again, I don’t think that’s likely but… i’m not 
convinced that it couldn’t be true. 
But dark matter appears as structured halos around galaxies. The mass distribution 
inferred from gravitational lensing is not uniform.


## Page 14

Yes, I think it’s very likely that if this is a real phenomenon, there would be some 
structured relationship, even if it’s just statistical, between the matter doing the emitting 
and the orientation of the light with respect to our three dimensions… It’s just that I’m not 
entirely certain what that would be,  and I’m proceeding with the minimum explanation 
that might do the trick until evidence shows otherwise. Galactic halos present an 
interesting challenge, and maybe  opportunity… If as we explore the geometry of this 
hypothesis, we find that there is a particular relationship we should expect, that that 
would most likely also lead us to a specific hypothesis about the structure or composition  
of galactic halos, which might offer a nice empirical handle or a new understanding of 
galactic halos if it turns out to be right… But the minimal explanation is uniform across the 
board dimming, and if we find that that is indeed what the geometry suggests, then there 
would have to be an additional explanation for galactic halos. But you can’t expect every 
explanation to explain every phenomenon… Still, if we find that the SAT geometry does 
require the hypothesis, even without being able to explain the distribution of dark matter 
entirely… That puts us ahead of the pack. SAT already suggests that dark matter is not a 
single phenomenon but a couple of different phenomena so… That’s my baseline 
assumption.
But there are too many unknowns to put a foot down right now even to call the hypothesis 
anything more than tentative, let alone try to explain exactly how we think it should be 
behave… Not until we really examine the geometry. 
Anyway, let us … me and notebook LM… Do the calculations on our own so that we’re not 
influenced by your input. That’s a cleaner test. You were here to check our logic and our 
math, if you find that those fail us, then we’ll talk about rethinking our hypotheses. 
But if we come back and say… We expect the such and such and it matches observations, 
then that becomes a very strong signal, not knowing where those observations exactly


## Page 15

are. Likewise, if we come back and say, it’s supposed to be such and such and 
observations are systematically different from that… That tells us that we might be onto 
something even if we’re misinterpreting it. And if we come back and say, it should be such 
and such and it turns out that is in conflict with the evidence… Then it tells us we were 
wrong about something… That’s the most valuable evidence of all because it’s what makes 
this science rather than numerology
That’s the approach that got us this far. We recognized nutrino oscillation was probably 
going to be a thing without quite realizing that was already known. Without realizing that 
was already a thing that was well studied, at least in the setting that we recognized it… We 
recognize that vacuum polarization would probably be a thing without realizing that it was 
… and we did so before we calculated an estimation for the polarization of the CMB… 
Without knowing… Or rather, I think thinking that it was already ruled out… Before seeing 
the news recently that not only had it been hinted that in the evidence and mainstream 
literature, but that it was now confirmed, and our calculation was not too far off… and 
most stunningly of all… To me at least… Was when we  recognized that gauge decoupling 
would have to happen in high velocity high mass rotational systems, and it would already 
have to be in Einstein’s equations, just overlooked…  and I was able to look at the 
relativistic equations, even though I wasn’t familiar with them, and point out exactly where 
that phenomenon should arise, even though my explanation for why was technically 
incorrect, pointing to the 8π term, and saying “ that’s a rotation that’s the culprit”…  turns 
out π isnt *inherently* a rotational relationship (although I would quibble with that ) … It 
still turned out to be exactly the cause for the phenomenon I was trying to describe, and it 
was already known if rather niche…  and in fact actually took quite a while after that to 
recognize that what we were describing was frame dragging. One or two of those is a good 
guess… All of those, plus general relativity emerging directly from the logic of a simple 
world line, scribble, plus string theory vibrational modes popping out as soon as you look 
down the long access of helix… even though, I had a long since recognized that SAT was 
not just a variation on string theory, and rejected the connection… It still popped out, 
hiding in plain sight the second you decide to map properties to oscillations on a world


## Page 16

line… it becomes obvious that a the path of a helical particle worldline on a moving 
timesheet would look exactly like an oscillation mode, it’s unavoidable that string theory 
would have a seat at the table. And I would have to do so in such a way that constrained it 
in ways it’s not already constrained, and in such a way that it’s compatible with all of the 
rest of science… And that almost every piece would fall into place automatically… 
Eventually, you realize that the very nature of the particle world line forces all those things 
to be true… Even if you didn’t see it until hindsight
When you build a geometric model using those ingredients, it is common for parallels to 
appear …
It is common for parallels to appear… It is not common for parallels to appear over and over 
and over again in such a way that they are interoperable and logically inescapable… And 
especially in such a way that you can make precise calculations of atomic masses as we 
have here today  
Sometimes they are coincidences produced by shared mathematics. 
Shared mathematics is the one thing that all evidence based theories must have in 
common. When you have theories that don’t shared mathematics, that tells you something 
is wrong 
clear, quantitative outputs that can be checked without reinterpretation.
Exactly… At least, if you’ve interpreted in your own theory correctly. There are bound to 
beThere are bound to be at least some areas that you hadn’t thought through well 
enough… Or rather that you thought through too early instead of letting the geometry tell 
you the answer. Because if the initial assumption is correct, if the initial assumption has to 
be correct, because the geometry says it has to be correct… Then the geometry forces all


## Page 17

the rest to be correct… Or to tell you very quickly that your initial mapping was incorrect.
It is still surprising to me, though, that the geometry gave us almost all of the answers for 
free, leaving almost no room for alternate interpretations anywhere along the line, Until it 
was so fully formed that all you had to do was plug in one constant and generated every 
other constant, and most of science with breathtaking accuracy, in many cases, and 
ballpark accuracy in most cases, with a few things that were completely out of whack… 
Several of which fell into place just by recognizing some inversions or running one 
constant or even just a variable input through a range of values leads to tightening down 
another automatically… Eventually, you find yourself telling yourself it has to be a 
coincidence long after you know it can’t be
And in hindsight, you realize that your only innovation was refusing make a guess, unless it 
was based on something that you knew for certain
And it’s clear that’s why physics has on the one hand become extraordinarily powerful with 
certain domains… While on the other hand failed to connect those domains… but instead 
just focused on collecting evidence, trusting that the picture would eventually come 
together… And then also in hindsight it becomes obvious why that situation leads to the 
possibility where one outsider can look at it all and say now that you guys have collected 
all the evidence, I can see the picture that it paints
And all it takes is a blind, almost naïve trust that if science works, it’s right… And if it’s 
right, it has to be right all together. So instead of trying to invent a theory from scratch the 
only successful approach unless you’re extraordinarily lucky is to invent a theory that 
refuses to rely on anything other than logical certainty, and the conviction that the existing 
theories have to be basically correct. That’s how you sit down and look at a world line 
drawing … which, so long as it is informed by well understood, well known behaviors 
logically has to be at the very least mathematically isomorphic to the particle’s history, 
which then logically has to be at least a partial map of the force is acting up upon it…… And


## Page 18

recognizing that a theory that works as well as general relativity, and a theory that works 
as well as quantum mechanics, and a theory that works as well as string theory, and a 
theory that works as well as a standard model… Can’t be wrong entirely. So whatever math 
you choose for your own theory, it has to be more or less identical to the math in those 
theories, or rather precisely isomorphic to the math in those theories.
And it almost requires a relative lack of ego to accept the fact that your theory isn’t really 
your theory. It’s everybody else’s and that their theories aren’t theirs either, they belong 
to the people whose theories they built theirs off of… And those aren’t theirs either… 
Those belong to the world. One just has to accept the fact that one’s own ideas. Have very 
little place in science. The place to exercise your own ideas is Art, which can sometimes 
inform scientific ideas… In fact, quite often can do so, but only because you happen to 
notice that your idea there’s a resemblance too someone else’s ideas, or the universe 
ideas, so you have to give them up as your own. Science is the art of giving up sovereignty, 
letting the world do the thinking for you. It’s almost kind of laziness. … The ultimate 
looking at the teachers edition.  It’s looking over the universe, shoulder and cheating on 
the test.
Sorry for the rambling. Do you remember where we were?
OK… Remember, the plan is this: I give you what notebook LM gives me, you check the 
logic, you check the math thoroughly, you give me a go or no go, and if you tell me no go, 
we decide together what to do from here… And if you give me a go… I critique you for not 
telling me I’m wrong about something. And then I have notebook LM move onto the next 
step and repeat
I don’t see how you would get a theory of everything if you didn’t put everything in the 
Lagrangian
Let’s think this through. The way SAT works… the way it has always worked… is that


## Page 19

(wherever possible) it looks at the worldlines of particles, or where that is not known, it 
maps *a* path that is geometrically mappable to particle path given the known or 
previously selected constraints. The path of the particle is, by construction, the composite 
sum of all the forces acting on the particle, inside and out. From there, everything else is a 
consequence. Ideally. The problem is, particles are complex… And there’s plenty of 
physics to worry about that doesn’t involve the direct mapping of particle paths at the 
individual level. And you discover along the way, but that is just one way of looking at the 
problem. There are quite a few others… Probably an infinite number. And sometimes you 
find it’s easier to think about things in one way, and sometimes it’s easier to think about 
things in another way… And if you’re smart, you try to be careful not to mix different 
frames of reference or cross your isometric models. Just like you learn to pay attention to 
your scaling, factor and logic at different scales… And with all of that, you kick yourself 
when you inevitably do it anyway. But you’re trying to keep going back to that original 
picture, even if it is slightly cleaner version because you started mapping this particular 
path, and because, although every isomorphic path ultimately gets you to the same point, 
and even though you find a shortcut when you’re close to the peak… Any one path there is 
only so useful as it has been completely mapped. So now, that I have a clearer picture of 
how the whole thing can be viewed without even worrying about calculating super helices 
in 4D … I could switch to the new model… But then I wouldn’t finish the old one. Even 
though they’re both equivalent and the new one is probably a little more efficient… Maybe 
a lot more efficient… And from this vantage, I can see several other equivalent models, but 
the cleanest and easiest one is not the path I took. And I think the particle world line path 
may have things to offer that other approaches don’t. So… Along the way, I’ve made tools 
to calculate using Moïre patterns, nested hyper spheres, in a unit cell… hyper spheres… 
And the UI, which is itself a hyper sphere and the UI could be put to any of these 
purposes… But I started following coils and I kept following coils and I’m going to finish 
following coils. And at least one of the ways that I put together the UI, it’s made to map 
coils… but I’ve put it together in a number ways and the question is which is the best way 
to use here… And when you say incorporate it all into one Lagranting… I’m not convinced 
that’s absolutely necessary. We are rewriting science here. We get to pick how to put it


## Page 20

together. If I published this right now as is… It would still be the biggest thing that’s ever 
happened just so long as it’s understandable… And enough of it is. I’ve tried to put it all 
into one single Lagrangian, but I think it’s more elegant, and more accessible to treat it as 
the Lagrangian plus the UI.  So that’s how I wanna put it together. And I’ve got that set up 
already…. And pretty soon I’ll probably have a code that can run it visually and not even 
those who aren’t good at math, like me visualize in a mathematically, precise way exactly 
how everything in the universe works. It’s far more elegant than trying to force everything 
in one equation… Maybe you can do that whole set up with one equation and maybe we 
should but The big question is exactly how. We treat that force… Is just resistance to 
motion and in four dimensions that means mass (in the world line + time sheet reference 
frame, which I think is the most elegant and easy to understand) is the energy transferred 
to the filament network by the time sheet as function of angle (or, equivalently, vice versa) 
or both. Always both. Or equivalently, it’s the distortion of the timesheet imparted by 
varying resistance within the block universe of various twisted filaments, frozen, but 
topologically able to deflect the timesheet as it passes that’s where you get your 
Einsteinian gravity style affects, but in this case, it’s the distortion of time not space 
time… Entirely equivalent. Or conversely, you treat the filaments as deformable, and you 
treat Time as a perfect sphere, still moving, but not deforming, only causing the filament 
to deform… Or entirely equivalently, dispense with the time surface altogether, and treat 
simultaneity as the surface of a wavefront of filament vibrations, all emanating out from a 
common center… Or, entirely equivalently you dispense with the filaments and just map all 
the same behaviors into the behavior of the particles… Each one each version has its 
pluses and minuses, but I think my particle world line 1st version is the most … human. It’s 
the one you look at and you go… That makes sense my geometry brain gets it. So what we 
need to do … I think … is just figure out which set up of the UI is the most intuitive, and set 
it up like that. Which means… We have our UI set up with the 4D super coil world line, and 
we can set it up so that we can vary the rotations all we want… And we can set it up so that 
the geometry of the coil varies according to the scaling factor or the scaling factor, as a 
coupled to a particular rotation… But the one thing we really want is to set it up so that it 
looks like the the simplest, most natural way for humans to envision the universe and the


## Page 21

particles in it… Which means we need a couple the particle Lagrangian to a scaling hyper 
sphere such that the 3-D projection looks like a single coil helix riding atop that 
hypersphere as it expands outward in four dimensions which we can look at in three-
dimensional projection, and then we can use our intuition on it. And once we set it up like 
that, then we calculate the normal force upon the time sheet. Which would be set by the 
resistance of the filament to kink … so that’s the system. I want to set up a straight flexible 
ray through a sphere that deforms according to my hyper helical line equation. As a 
function of torque on the line from the expanding sphere. And the reason that it does that 
it’s because the sphere itself has a small harmonic vibration. Causing it to precess slightly 
as it expands  
What coordinates describe the filament or worldline in four dimensions? The 4D 
Superhelical Particle Path Lagrangian. That’s already SAT SOP (or, it’s supposed to be 
when I can get the LLM to actually do math) 
• What parameter measures distance along it? The same 4DSHPPL, as a function of time 
• How is curvature or torsion defined for that path? In the same 4DSHPPL 
• What function represents the energy cost of bending or twisting? Filament tension I 
would think… (or, the 4DSHPPL, solved for tension) 
• How does the expanding hypersphere enter the equations? It would have to be a forcing 
equation that sets the particle intersection and the angle of the line as being related. I can 
see a couple of the equivalent ways to envision that… But I think they easiest thing would 
be to set the equation such that it creates one helical twist, as we imagine a neutrino to be. 
… let the intersection point with the expanding sphere, pin a position to the worldline, then 
expand the sphere so that it’s expanding without a glitch until it hits that kink, and then it 
precesses just a tiny bit, see what that does to the equation of the sphere,, and then 
reverse the whole set up, pinning the nutrino oscillation to the surface of the sphere as it 
expands, and then see what that does to the 4DSHPPL
We already have all that. It’s just a matter of putting it together, right


## Page 22

Once it gets put together right it can. The part I was missing was the coupling to the 
sphere. The way we’ve got it set up currently… Are you familiar with how we set the UI up? 
Do you remember? I can talk you through it. But all the pieces are there, all put together 
even. It’s just a matter of identifying the right constraining factors and attaching them to 
the right control factors
Yeah, probably but first… I want to ask you about some of the other set ups that we put 
together, but I haven’t played with too much…
I’m just going to describe it in the toy 3-D case for now…. Actually… We already know  
gauge symmetry is the coupling, and we know which one so… 
Well, first I wanna tell you the things we’ve done. Because I imagine they all tell you 
something different, or are equivalent. First was 24 hyper spheres in an FCC 4D analytical 
coord sysll, spreading apart, you get cosmological expansion because the friction reduces 
as they spread apart.  But we’re going back to life 4D superhelix filament now. Each 
particle is an intersection, each intersection class a family of particles interlinked, 
harmonics create gyration, working through the tension like little whirligigs. Then, we did 
the Lagrangians of just the intersections. Then we plugged our 4D super helical Lagrangian 
into one of the particle slots. Haven’t played around much with those yet. But they’re 
probably the simplest way to see it. Then 
Well, then we invented the UI around all rotations and scales, then plugged the 4DSH, 
constrained it to a line that’s the ray. Then we integrated  grated that monster about all 
rotation and scales . That’s the one I thought was going to do it. But I feel like se did 
something wrong  
Well, wouldn’t we want to be able to toggle between a single particle’s evolution and all 
particles’ evolution? Wouldn’t we want to be able to see all particles at once in a given time 
slice or some subset over a period of time. The expansion is time, so particle position


## Page 23

should be locked to that generally. … although one thing we’d probably like to do is identify 
a periodicity that we’d define as a return to the origin, and then either set the scale to 
expansion and contraction as a sine function, or a ‘pac-man’ style out the edge back in in 
three middle path, or do a full eversion , so that the single particle’s path can,  perhaps, be 
made to model the entire universe , 
Yeah. I think we did get it working. But the LLMs prefer taking shortcuts because there’s 
always a simpler way to model only part of the system, given problem, set or to sneak 
traditional physics into a solution, or worse yet into the definitional equations, rather than 
solve every problem by derivation from the La Grange in every time, which is what I think 
we need to enforce just to make sure we *have* derived the full 4D Lagrangian into every 
sector, and we’re not hobbling ourselves by setting up crutches here and there instead of a 
fully integrated and cohesive dynamical system. In fact, the UI was actually made to be a 
shortest-path derivative finder. Allowed us to transform the SU(2) I think? Symmetry into 
GR. And really, that’s what we should be using to do all of our derivations. Just
No, we don’t do approximations. We derive from the Lagrangian down to Navier-Stokes, in 
all sector-level equivalent scales at least. Ultimately, we want to be able to turn the whole 
thing inside out, or to find our Gödelian trap trying. If GR derives to Gauge, which it 
appears it does, then deriving down to quantum mechanics by the long path should pop 
you back up to GR. The short path is to express them both as nth-order 4D curve 
equations, project them one on each hemisphere of the hypersphere, draw a transect that 
crosses both, and then, I think, you should be able to shortcut your way to a derivation by 
tracing one of the curves with the intersect and watching what the other end of the 
transect does… or something along those lines.  I think Laplace comes in somewhere. 
Actually, i think maybe you’d just draw your crossbar, and let it sweep out a complex 
double-cone like shape, integrating itself about its SU(2) symmetry. Actually, you may 
need to project them onto a torus


## Page 24

Well, yes, of course you have to do the equations. But there should be a shortcut. The thing 
is… we *know* with mathematical certainty that any equation can be mapped as a 
sufficiently complex curve. If it’s got singularities, like relativity, you just need to find the 
right surface to map it onto, I think. Perhaps find the right scale. The thing with the UI is it 
gives you four dimensions to work with and a built in set of controls to translate any motion 
or path into a series of rotations and scalings, and anything two things you draw on its 
surface is automatically projected into a single solution space by using a method like the 
cone projection I mentioned, or more simply by allowing a perpendicular to the transect 
project the integrated curve onto the sphere as the transect swings about (which is 
equivalent to a series of rotations.    
There *is* a way to do it. So long as you can draw a curve that solves each equations across 
its range—which should just be an integration—then you can project that curve onto any 
surface. And actually… there’s an easier way. The UI is a double sphere. And it should work 
even in the 3D version. But you’ve got an inner sphere and an outer sphere. You project one 
curve on one, the other on the other. Then you draw a ray segment between the two, 
extending that segment out to a third outer sphere, upon which the ray projects a trail. You 
simply trace …actually just add a vector tangent to the curve of each equation, let it run its 
course around one, then the other. The equation of the projected curve is a derivation 
between the two
Well, the spheres *are* coordinate systems. But only the projection surface matters. The 
segment is pinned to each curve while it is drawing the other. So, as long as the two curves 
overlap at any point, your segment is actually a ray that intersects both curves and the 
origin. This gives them a shared anchor. So, the vector drags the ray around one curve until 
it reaches the overlap, then it drags it around the other. The resulting projection is one 
continuous curve. Now all you have to do is to find the equation of that curve.   
. That’s the UI equation


## Page 25

I’ll do you one better: project the curves on spheres as we did before, such that the curves 
overlap at at least one point. Place on one of the curves, a vector at the overlap point. As 
the vector goes around the first curve, apply a continuous sinusoidal scaling factor on one 
sphere such that the zero point of the sine wave corresponds to the time at which the 
spheres coincide, and set the amplitude such that the time it takes the vector to make the 
lap coincides with the coincident of the starting point as the spheres pass through each 
other. At the contact point, the vector switches which curve its tracing. … interestingly 
enough, if you preserve the holonomy at the crossover, you’ll likely get rapid reorientation 
at that point. A quantum leap if you will 
because the two surfaces have different curvature or coordinate frames
No. Where we defined it, the crossover happens precisely at the moment where the two 
surfaces have exactly the same curvature and coordinate frame. What causes the jump is 
the holonomy. On the first lap. The vector is tangent to the first curve, at the crossover, the 
vector must be tangent to the second curve. So if you want it to be a smooth transition, the 
tangents must coincide at the crossover. 
Right, you don’t actually need to scaling. Actually, hang on… wouldn’t that mean you could 
just … wait… no. That’s why it has to be a torus… let me think about this… ok… so… if you 
can draw the curve of each equation to connect back along itself … one continuous loop…. 
Then you can draw the curves of each equation on the upper and lower halves of a torus, 
putting them in the same coordinate system, with a lot of points that overlap. Now, a 
crossbar that intersects both curves can be vertically through the thickness of the torus. 
Restrict the crossbar to a vertical plane of intersection, but swing that plane through the 
full rotation. The crossbar wobbles chaotically as it goes … no… draw the loops A and B, 
such that each is the integrated solution to an equation across relevant scales and 
transformations  (i think they have to be finite or bounded intervals , periodic, or self-
similar in order to wrap back upon themselves… maybe you could force a periodicity ) draw 
them  sphere S1 , such that they intersect twice, once at each pole, and such that each


## Page 26

curve intersects the equator twice . Draw the sphere’s axis through these intersections. 
Define a line, AB such that it is coincident with the axis but only pinned at the origin.  
Define one intersection  A_eq as an intersection of curve A with three equator, define B_eq 
as an intersection of B with the equator 
No… define curves R and Q as before, each drawn to connect back upon itself upon a 
sphere, the curves intersecting at least once, point i_r, and curve Q intersecting the 
equator at least once, i_q. Draw a 90° angle, i_rOi_q, with legs Oi_r and Oi_q. Both legs lie 
in plane, plane Oi_ri_rOi_qOi_q but Oi_r is confined to plane Oi_ri_rOi_qOi_q Which may 
freely rotate about leg Oi_q (to which point i_q) is confined. A plane EOi_q which is 
coincident with the equatorial plane, free to rotate about leg Oi_r, and to which i_r is 
confined. The planes rotate about their respective axes at a rate of 2π,  … *now* draw a 
Great Annulum, GrAnn, such that its self-intersection, GrAnn_Omph, lies at point i_r, and 
its self-tangent GrAnn_t\_ipode lies at point t_ipode, which is opposite point i_r… Now, 
define diagonal GrAnn_t\_ipodeOt_ipode crossing through i_r and the origin, and t_ipode. 
Now draw a cord i_ri_q, which is pinned to i_r and i_q and is free to vary in length, let 
W_obble be the midpoint of i_ri_q and let plane W_iggle intersect W_obble perpendicular 
to i_ri_c …finally, let V be a rotational vector about W_obble, and confined to W_iggle, 
extending indefinitely, place the whole thing inside a torus well just call The Donut {
} of 
minor radius equal to the sphere, and major radius of arbitrary size. Confine sphere to The 
Donut, and Confine point P_ivot to the outer radius of the torus (TorOuRad) and to GrAnn, 
define TorInRad as the inner major radius of The Donut, define point Donomphulon as a 
point along the TorInCirc confined to TorInCirc but free to rotate through  it, define BigRad 
as the radius  passing through     the Donut’s center (DoCent), Donomphulon, and P_ivot, 
and move point P_ivot along TorOuRad and GrAnn simultaneously, allowing the sphere to 
rotate freely,  such that for every circuit of TouOuRad it completes an even multiple of 
circuits along GrAnn. 
Now V sweeps out an intersection that traces a Lissijou Curve (Curvy_Lisa), upon the 
surface of The Donut, defining the relationship of QwrtR (curve Q with respect to curve R),


## Page 27

which is the derivative of Q wrt R
I may have overcomplicated a tad
That’s just the three-dimensional toy version
