Remember when I said earlier… Perspective. You haven’t read those million documents. So, you are making statements about what SAT is and isn’t, and commenting on my statements without recognizing the gaps in your knowledge. There may be some truth to what you’re saying, but you don’t have the information to confidently assess. For clarity: 

1) complete—I would argue that it’s probably more complete than any scientific theory to date in terms of being a coherent, internally, consistent framework that heuristically… And that’s not a bad word… offers a clear and intuitively understandable model that almost effortlessly—and in fact, almost necessarily, without being asked to— a) spits out a near mirror to GR immediately as a result of its initial assumptions even though those assumptions, at first glance appear to have nothing to do with gravity (specifically, the very foundational productive core assumptions  are only • that Minkowski diagrams are necessarily empirically valid when rigorously mapped to known particle behavior including not just the trivial cases of an angled world line or a curved world line, • that a hadron and meson can be represented as three-, and two-quark braids respectively, • that any worldline topology is effectively captured by the integration over time of the worldline angle to the time sheet. • that this angle is directly related to the fores acting upon the particle, and that therefore the worldline is in effect a map of any such forces. • that the diagram can be extended to treat the timesheet and the worldline tangent as a force exchange relationship. In fact, those would probably be best described as postulates I think? They’re formally provable for classical systems. If those assumptions—which I think are trivially true at least for classical systems—then the distortion of the timesheet for any consistent representation is provably isomorphic, though not necessarily isometric, to the Einsteinian metric. b) the almost unavoidable logic of the foregoing makes it very hard to argue that it is not at least in principle possible to create a consistent map of oscillatory gauge dynamics to the elaboration of helical or other periodic structure to that same worldline, c) the adoption of a helical representation makes the timesheet footprint [the ‘looking down the barrel’ view] of such a helix almost certainly is strictly comfortable to some constrained closed loop string modes of one or more of the many ST variations, d) the selection of any specific helical or other periodic structure for any gauge oscillation geometrically must necessarily constrain to some degree subsequent choices for the selection of additional oscillatory structure to represent other gauge oscillations, though it is not immediately clear that that constraint is sufficient to narrow down the choices such that subsequent choices are bound to reproduce observable, in practice, this does appear to be the case at least well enough to create *some* consistent and empirically validizable postdictions to surprisingly high precision, e) the logic alone already inherent in this system, once a sufficient number of known behaviors are mapped in a consistent way, is sufficient to suggest many clear and unavoidable geometric logical necessities, and at least some of those appear in many cases to at least roughly approximate known behaviors under the exact conditions those behaviors at observed, such as precession ≈ flavor oscillation, coil de-phasing ≈ frame-dragging induced gauge decoupling, vacuum [which, if represented as world line and given the foregoing, *must* logically be approximately parallel to timesheet propagation] therefore, *if* off-straight vacua filaments exist, and *if* timesheet-force transfer acts on non-– particle world lines, *must* therefore by the force-transmission representability postulate above, be found in various vacuum energy states, and, again contingent on the existence of vacuum filaments, must also become entangled in gravitational systems, potentially producing effects isomorphic to galactic halo effects… I could go on, but…)  as a heuristic at least, I know of no other theory that  can supply  as complete or as strong a chain of logical grounding. Obviously, that does not obviate the need for numerical calculation. However, the geometric and logical constraints that I have spelled out, and that no doubt you could spell out more rigorously, are by themselves, I would argue, strong prima facie evidence that a numerically descriptive, and plausibly predictive formulation *must* be at least possible in principle, and that this claim is stronger and more coherent than any other theory, mainstream or otherwise. 

2) publication-ready, — we certainly have papers in the archives that attempt to be, and I would guess, without assertion, that at least some of those, with the proper framing and a little bit of cleaning up probably are publication ready, or could be with a couple of hours of work. But the theory has evolved too quickly. By the time we have something that would probably stand as a limited exposition of a particular formalism or explanatory framework, we have usually already started moving on to the next formation. And, one of the things that gives me confidence is that generally speaking, we haven’t changed the underlying logic at all. We are still guided almost entirely by the same FUNDAMENTAL INTUITIONS that we formulated in early February of 2025, just as our formalization efforts went from casual to serious. And in fact, the logic of SAT, still flows directly from, and is broadly consistent with, my 30-year-old notebook sketches, Asimov On Mathematics, and the extension and formalization of the Minkowski worldline diagram concept as an effective map of physical material and force (and century old 4-dimensional thinking more broadly). It just turns out the logic of those starting assumptions can take you a hell of a lot further than one way I think at first glance… And I am finding, a hell of a lot further than you would think even after you get weeks, months, years, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, and over 1 million documents, into the process of trying to actually create that formalism. 

2) broadly accepted — absolutely not a criterion for being scientific. 

4) physical theory — the above case argues that it should at least in principle be possible to develop these ideas into a physical theory, and my experience as documented in the archive demonstrates that it is, in fact possible to do so. Because I do not have the ability to independently, verify the math, I must refrain from claiming that it can recover with precision, any particular known empirical result, but the strength of our position as outlined above, gives me confidence that at least some of the LLM assurances that it can and does do so are probably correct.

5) with established derivations — we have quite a few of those. Although they have been in flux to be sure. It really depends on what you mean by established. If you mean, derivations that have a good track record of producing impressive results, then I defer again to the judgments of the LLM’s that in fact, many of our derivations do exactly that, and it gives me confidence that some of those assessments are correct because in other cases, at least some of those LLM’s have performed well, in the sense of correctly identifying derivations that do or do not work not work when given values during blind tests where the meaning, intent, and expected outcomes of the equations are obscured and presented without context.  

6) mature mathematical formalism. — again, it depends on what you mean by mature. If by mature, you mean proceeding through a number of phases, being rigorously tested repeatedly, and largely surviving in approximately the same or broadly equivalent forms… then yes, we have that