SUBSTRATE INDEPENDENCE

Certainly--basically, natural selection and other selective or sortative processes are going to produce systems with some degree of stability within whatever bigger system something is a part of. Usually we're talking about biological evolution and we think of the sorting process of natural selection (which is really an eliminative process, knocking off the organisms that don't work well) in terms of whether a property of an organism (whether a physical or behavioral characteristic) is "useful" for that organism in its environment. But the concept is really generalizable to any system, living or nonliving. And the former are just systems of nonliving matter, so the distinction between life and non-life is really about certain behavioral properties of nonliving systems that we've chosen to call out as crossing a threshold into a special category that we call living. That's probably a valid distinction to make, but I think it leads people to think of living and nonliving systems as materially different in sort of an essentialist way. 

Generalizing outwards from the process of natural selection to sorting processes writ large, we can say that basically anything you can name has whatever properties it has because those properties are the ones that allowed the thing to be stable in the conditions under which it formed. So, for example, granite is most stable under the temperature and pressure regimes encounteered by magma bodies cooling as they rise through crustal rock; granite is the arrangement of feldspar, quartz, and micas that is stable under those conditions. And that's why it formed.

Under greater temperature and pressure, the stable arrangement was liquid magma, and let the overlying rock erode to expose it at the surface, where the pressure, temperature, chemical, and other environmental processes are very different... and granite is no longer stable. We say it's "metastable" because it seems stable within human time scales, but over relatively short geologic time, the feldspar and micas break down into clays and the quartz erodes into sand, because those are the arrangements of those substances that are stable at the Earth's surface. These sortative processes are selective pressures in basically the same way natural selection is. And this basic principle is true of literally any other system you can think of, from planetary orbits to gender politics. 

So, if some or all of the properties that we associate with thinking--abstraction, representation, memory, intelligence, maybe even sentience and internal experience tend to produce more stable systems than those without, then we'd expect those properties to emerge in any physical system wherein that's true. Even if we don't accept the broader conjectures of panpsychism about consciousness being a basic property all things. It could still be an emergent property of some physical systems, whether living or nonliving... That, of course is a very, very big if. 

But I'm basically just explaining the idea of substrate independence, which you're probably already familiar with.
Winter.of.Discontext — Today at 11:58 PM

Anyway, side note--it's also interesting to think about implications for the Drake Equation if we consider all of the potential intelligences and edge cases of intelligence that we've mentioned, like corvids and elephants and octopodes and however many more we get just by slightly expanding our notions of intelligence beyond the single classically-recognized example of ourselves, to include all of the other intelligent animals that the scientific community is starting to take more seriously. Several dozen to several hundred intelligent or nearly-intelligent species, rather than just one, out of the however many millions of species that have lived on Earth changes the math pretty significantly.