7/3/2026

I'm going to walk you through it verbally, because ^^^ all that stuff, is not SAT. The geometry in my head is SAT. Everything else is LLMs trying to turn it into math, which to my mind shouldn't be that hard, it's just that I can't do the math myself. But mathematics--quite frankly--is *loose*. You can do anything with math, and that's why so many theories go off into lala land, representing and representing, without constraining the way the universe constrains. The universe is very obviously geometric (or at least *every* way in which we have to interact with the universe empirically is, in one way or another geometric). Geometry provides its own constraints. Between the rules of geometry, the grammar of the Minkowski diagram, and the inheritance of extremely detailed system behavior from empirical physics, the pieces are in place for it to be put together in a consistent way. 



The thing we've been lacking is agreement on a consistent language, lack of cognizance of of what sort of language it would have to be, and failure to recognize one simple fact: Particles are the *only* things we observe. Full stop. Particle worldlines, therefore are the nearest thing we have to a map of all of physics, and if done empirically, a particle worldline is unquestionable because to question it would be to question the accuracy of the physical equations that built it, which we know are accurate to great precision. Put a pin in this.



Now... Minkowski really only gives us two things: The worldline, and the timesheet, and those map, essentially, kinematics, so if you know the worldine, you know the kinematics, and vice-versa. And that gives you a lot of basic physics in your diagram. Now, the question arises: What about things that *aren't* kinematics? Well, gravity basically is kinematics, so we're good there [put a pin in this too]. Electromagnetism? Yes, to some extent, there is kinematics involved--Coulomb repulsion is easy enough to diagram, for example. But what about mass, and spin and flavor and color. Well, could go inventing all sorts of other things to put in the diagram, or we could just put a label on the lines, but that's bad theory-making. Occam tells us that. But it's worth mentioning *why*. The reason is that, for each new element you add, you have not just one new way that you can be wrong--in fact, you open up an entire field of possibilities for going wrong... you can run with math just about anywhere you want to go. But we don't generally want to go chasing pretty math just because you can find some set of equations that seem to fit. Not unless there's a clear and obvious connection that makes physical sense *every step of the way*. Plenty of physics drags us through imaginary nonphysical ideas to get where they're going.



We don't. Or, at least, I don't. The way to proceed is to strictly limit yourself to the elements you have until forced to do otherwise by the logic of the system and empirical findings. 



So. The elements we have are the worldline and the timesheet. Are those elements sufficient? The answer is unambiguously yes, provably so. A curve has infinite degrees of freedom, therefore a curve has infinite representational power. Obviously, that means it *must* be possible to encode any empirical data, all of the laws of physics, all of the Presidents' birthdays and favorite songs, and anything else you want to encode. A line can do that simply by choosing an arbitrary encoding language for each sort of information. It's easy to prove that to yourself with a variation on linear representation--can Morse code encode everything? Yes, by virtue of the fact that *language* can encode anything. 



But arbitrary encoding is not ideal, because you then have to encode every piece of information separately. *Geometrically constrained encoding* is what makes this system work. Minkowski already does this for kinematics and gravity. But that doesn't tell us what sort of encoding makes geometric sense for non-kinematic properties. Unless... we assume everything is kinematic. So... is that doable? Let's think about it. Obviously, a lot of things are clearly kinematic... heat, fluid flow, arguably electrical flow... but again, what about *properties* and *forces*? 



Now, here are the two the key insights that make everything else unfold, almost inevitably: 1) because the diagram is constructed to record motion over time, we can examine the diagram to identify what about it specifically encodes motion, and it turns out, it's the angle between the worldline and the time sheet; change that angle, you change the motion and vice versa--this means that *everything* we associate with motion is also necessarily associated with that angle in some way... mass, inertia, trajectory, velocity, acceleration, kinetic energy, gravity, relativistic effects. This gives you what you need to decode (or rather, *encode*) most of physics. 2) NOW we make our first leap. Everything up to now is axiomatic and necessarily true--*if* you make the fairly natural leap of deciding to represent color confinement as a braid of worldines, such that a quark is a triple braid and a meson is a double braid, you now have enough to begin deducing all of the other particle properties. But we'll come back to that. 



First, we should unpack (1) a bit more. We know that angle is associated with velocity by construction; a perpendicular worldline is an object at rest, tilt the angle, increase the velocity, change the worldline orientation. Acceleration is therefore curvature. Want to map a worldline? Just track the way that angle changes with the motion of the timesheet. Or vice versa. For any given motion, there is an instantaneous angle of intersection which measures both the velocity of the object and the angle of intersection; for any change of angle over time, there is a corresponding worldline that uniquely tracks that angle in the topology of its curvature. 



What's more... we made a list of other things that track with motion. Circular motion is an orbit, and that sweeps out a helix in time. Heat is a jitter in the line. Elastic collision is two lines approaching, making contact, and then abruptly changing direction. What else? Well... let's strip down to basics, starting with energy. an object at rest is a straight line perpendicular to the timesheet An object in motion is a straight line at an angle. The worldline of an object with greater mass *curves less sharply* when subjected to a force. These follow from the diagram logic itself, not inserted. Put a pin in this.



Now... what are we going to do about internal degrees of freedom of a particle?  We have two primitives--the worldline and the timesheet. Obviously, particle properties live on the worldline more naturally than on the timesheet. So, we return to the infinite representation capacity of the curve, and we note that these properties are already routinely represented in a way that naturally fits on a curve equation--oscillations. So, we allow the small leap: the curve equation of a worldline must oscillate. Which is to say, that it must be helical. That buys us some options. The intersection with a 3D 'plane' of a helix, extended along the 4-dimensional could be interpreted multiple ways; a simple helix would likely produce a circular trace, and our choice of braiding as the grammar for color confinement gives us two additional intersectional geometries: something like a borromean knot for a hadron, and something like a hopf link for a meson. So, we've got the strong force and color charge already. So, we need spin and flavor. Let us tentatively decide to encode these as nested superhelical coils.   



Now, we don't really have to do that arbitrarily; string theory kind of does that for us, at least in part--because if you look down the barrel of a helix, you see that the intersectional geometry could very easily be represented as an ST vibration mode--so, we just have to collapse ST down to the three-dimensional slice that constitutes our slice. 



Now, we've made three geometrically motivated leaps of logic or represenational choices. We have one more to make. We need to decide what is going on at the intersection. Is the timesheet just passively truncating a portion of the 4D worldline that constitutes the particle that we see? Or is there some *action* here? Let's think about this--if it's passive, then it's a pure formalism, and it cannot have any physical reality; but by the grammar of the diagram, we've already committed to this truncation somehow *instantiating* a particle. Therefore, it *must* be an active boundary. We've already identified, by the logic of the geometry, that geometric parameters... namely, the intersection angle... are associated with velocity, mass, inertia... so let us propose our linchpin: If angle encodes mass (and by f=ma, it must encode force and acceleration as well), then by E=mc^2, that intersection must also encode somehow energy and the speed of light. By the logic of the diagram, the speed of light is already in the motion of the timesheet; thus, c is the speed of *time*.  And there is an energy component associated with the angle, so let us propose that the timesheet exerts a force--that is to say, an energy transfer--upon the worldline, proportional to angle of intersection. This is quite intuitive, as we can think of it almost like friction; a perfectly perpendicular worldline (or a worldine perfectly parallel to the direction of propogation) offers minimum resistance, and thus minimum energy transfer; so, let's measure that angle against the time normal, and say zero degrees is zero energy transfer, and as a worldline approaches 90 degrees (that is, parallel to the timesheet, and perpendicular to the direction of motion), it offers more resistance and picks up more energy.



In this picture, mass is essentially 'time drag'. The long axis of a helical worldline would be the motion vector, but the actual point contact would be the pitch of the helix, or rather (since we're measuring from time normal), the inverse pitch. So, tentatively we can say the actual intersectional angle of particle worldlines approaches 90, and the corresponding resistance is approximately equated to some minimal mass unit--we're going to choose the mass of the electron for reasons I'll get to shortly. 



Now implicit in this picture, we have to consider the fact that we have particles that move at the speed of light, or rather, in our picture, they move at the speed of time... that is, they move with the timesheet, and our energy transfer mechanism makes this natural to interpret as the 'push' of the timesheet. Eg, photons ride worldlines, pushed along by time. This doesn't sound like an extended helical coil necessarily. This sounds like a small excitation. So, let us propose this: A photon is a deviation in a worldline, instantiated as an angular distortion, and carried along as a single oscillation or small packet of oscillations. That fits pretty well. But if that's the case, then other particles that travel at c should be structurally similar. So, now consider what the neutrino might look like in this picture. The neutrino has a measured mass. But if the timesheet exerts pressure upon the kink in the worldline, then by Newton, there must be an equal and opposite force placed upon the timesheet by the particle's kink as well. So, that explains neutrino mass as inertial back-reaction, and the photon must also have such inertial mass, however small. But otherwise they, and other 'massless' particles would seem to fall into a family. Massive particles would be associated with a helical coil, extended long the time axis, while massless particles are small, mobile oscillations pushed by the timesheet. [Put a big pin right here.]



So... let us propose our sixth leap of logic, still strongly geometrically motivated, but now including our energy transfer picture: If the timesheet exerts a force upon the 'kink surface' of the excitation that constitutes our photon or neutrino, propagating that distortion, and that kink has a Newtonian normal force upon the time sheet... then the time sheet--which we've already argued must be a real, active participant--ought to record that force in some way as well. Using the simplest option for how we might represent this, adding the least novel modification to our grammar, we decide that, like the distortion of the worldline, this force manifests as distortion of the timesheet. And let us tentatively suppose then, that a perfectly straight worldline, oriented directly along the axis of time, 0 degrees to the propagation and 90 degrees to the surface, minimal interaction....  that sounds like vacuum. And if our particles are helices, then their local intersection angles are presumably towards the high end, which gives us a lot of room for slightly tilted worldlines to carry--or rather to have imparted upon them--vacuum energy. 



Now, think about that. By trying to follow the minimal logic of Minkowski's existing worldline-timesheet formalism, without manufacturing a single equation, and trying to carefully track our logical leaps so that they are the minimum allowed by the geometric grammar, we've used a system that we *know* is empirically justified and worked through some of the implications of asking that grammar to encode as much of the physical picture as it can. Almost effortlessly, it gives us a mechanism for baryogenesis (or at least mass generation, the genesis of the coiling itself will have to wait), it's given us a mechanism for bosogenesis (or at least 'bosopropagation' in our photon mechanism), it already gives us acceleration and momentum and inertia by construction, it gave us, with just a tiny bit of creativity, color confinement, the strong force (with a very convincing explanation for its strength...if you're trying to pull apart braided worldlines, you're working against the worldlines themselves [implicit in the SAT proposition is that worldlines' physical materiality is extensive across time, but had we not assumed that, then it would have arisen naturally, and necessarily from the braiding proposition]). 



And now, we've constructed by tweak alone, without aiming for it at all, a system where the distortion of worldlines (mass) induces a distortion of the timesheet. And *that*, accidentally lands us exactly where Minkowski started. We have a precise mirror of the metric. Only... it's on the timesheet. But if you think about it... generations of physics students have thought, how weird is it that in GR that mass and motion and space and time are all tangled up. But here we find where GR *actually* lives in the Minkowski model, naturally. If mass distorts the time sheet (literally stretching it against its direction of motion)... then of *course* mass would slow time--the interaction implicit in the Minkowski diagram is already an interaction between mass and *time*, not mass and space. Of course, we've committed to bringing standard science along for the ride... so we recall that space and time *are the same thing*. But let's take that seriously, and since we're minimalists, and we've already made, six I believe, assumptions; I feel like we should reduce our assumption count by saying actually, the minus sign in the Lorenz signature is introducing an unnecessary (and problematic, if you've ever done a Wick rotation) asymmetry. Let us adopt spacetime consistency, call it (++++), assume all of the differences between time and space are unnecessary assumptions except for the one that we can actually witness: It moves differently. Specifically, it has a speed of c and because the 'motion' of space is expansion, then expansion is also the motion of time. Suddenly, time and space *do* look nearly identical. Spacetime is a 4-dimensional manifold, expanding along all axes, mostly at H_0, but at H_0 + c along one axis. 



I *think* we've dramatically improved upon the economy of assumptions for our model over LCDM... and... over the standard model, QCD, ST, and GR. While uniting them in an intuitive and geometrically logical way. In... what? Twelve, fifteen paragraphs without an equation in sight. And you don't really need an equation to grasp the logic that if not exactly this, then *something like this* is already inherent in the Minkowski logic. But he doesn't give you a lot of wiggle room once you take the good professor seriously. There are probably some variant options for confinement, some different assumptions we could make for timesheet-worldline interaction mechanism, and so on... but the alternate representational choices are *not that many*, and would all result in a picture similar to this. 



So... I feel like we've kind of cleaned up *most* of physics here, especially because it's *already* in a foundational language of physics, it's just following the logic already there... so we can expect that much of the existing machinery would already work about the same in this picture. 



*However*. You asked, does SAT propose anything new? My answer: It never intended to, no. But that's its strength--if it just straightened out the reasoning like so, that would be a significant step forwards. If only, because it makes physics *comprehensible* from within its own rules. Rules that, I submit, now make a lot more sense and require a lot less handwaving. If you want math, I think you've got enough reasoning and logic here to build the math (fun fact, do that and it'll become obvious where the constants fit into this picture). So, having put on our corrective lenses, let's read the book we've got. It's the same book everyone else has, but now we know the grammar. 



Here is where we finally take a flying leap, earning ourselves the right to call ourselves a fringe theory, rather than a hyperconservative cleaning up of mainstream misapprehensions. 



We posit the following, and we ask that you take it as intended; a speculative proposition. We only ask that you consider how speculative it is, in light of the foregoing, and that you grade the out-thereness by the same standards you grade string theory, LQG, the standard model, many worlds, Schroedinger, dark matter, dark energy, spooky action at a distance, and unexplained constants. 



Let's talk about bosons next. 



But first, I'll let you respond to what I've already written before I step into true speculation (and I ask that you stack up my reasoning in the same way, on the scale of hand-waviness as compared to the major theories and their competitors). 

"real content, but it's textbook special relativity wearing a new name, not a novel result yet. Good foundation to build on, but worth being clear with yourself"

I think I was quite clear. SAT is just cleaning up mainstream physics into a coherent picture. As it happens, there will also be some new physics that come to light as a result. But we're not there yet. *Nothing* I've given you so far (unlike the LLM slop that has tried, and failed, to do the job of turning logic into math), has overextended itself beyond its original goal: To describe what four-dimensional topology looks like, according to existing physics. We take physics to be correct in all of its particulars. Just a little sloppy. That is a core commitment. We're not throwing out centuries of physics, like QM or ST do. SAT is *classical* or classical-relativistic. As I said, hyperconservative, hyperorthodox. Anachronistically so. That's why, without aiming to, we landed on GR; we're using the basic premises of GR but following through on the logic as Minkowski laid it out. Likewise, on point after point, without realizing it until after the fact, SAT keeps spitting out answers as geometric necessities that either 1) map to some obscure or not-so-obscure known phenomenon of existing physics; only, on many occasions, *not* known to me until SAT told me so. That's not a coincidence. It happens to often for Bayesian priors to call it coincidence, or 2) map to some existing alternate theory, because they were wrestling with related problems--only, we weren't wrestling, I assumed this way of thinking was already baked into standard physics; and it is. It's just that most physicists rarely pick up the *primary* analytical tool Einstein handed them, and apply it rigorously to the universe; instead, they apply it as a little bookkeeping diagram here and there to describe mostly just one tiny slice of something much much larger. They're largely studying not the universe, but a thinsection of the universe. 

* "Internal d.o.f. (mass, spin, flavor) must appear as oscillation on the curve"

Not *must*, unqualified. But, like anything else in SAT, no additional assumptions may be added without being forced by geometric logic or empirical data... and I should clarify, known science *forces* you into a corner if you take it seriously and apply it rigorously within the existing formalism. And that corner may offer multiple options, although usually very few. The *must* is the insistence on using what we already know works, until it no longer works, and if forced to choose an option, or work on something else, then refraining, working on something else, and then coming back to see if you've uncovered new constraints on the options. If so, then choosing the simplest option *from among those already present in the existing logic*. Adding new primitives is always the last, worst option. It's not that curves *can* encode oscillation. It's that curves are the way in which nature records oscillation by default. Oscillations, very nearly *are* curves in most cases. That's not arbitrary. That's taking an abstraction which, on its own, describes nothing, and acknowledging that if there is an oscillation, there is something doing the oscillating, the question is only *what* is doing the oscillating. The options are: 1) worldline, 2) spacetime, 3) both. There is literally nowhere else to put an oscillation.  Not until you can hand me a "bundle over spacetime" and give me its precise physical measurements. A worldline is defined, physical, and measurable. A bundle in the up there is not. Even if a worldline does not have physical extent in the fourth dimension, it is still a direct representation of empirical behaviors of real particles.  A bundle may be a list of real measurements, but a bundle is itself, as far as I understand, a made-up convenience with no observable physical effect. Unless there's a bundle detector I'm not aware of.


* "this is where I'd push back a little harder than you did. You present it as "natural" because curves can encode oscillation easily"

And because it's the simplest assumption without adding new ornamentation that would open up degrees of freedom you haven't earned. We could just as easily choose comb spectra or harmonics, or superpositions... or digital encoding, or Morse code, or epicycles or any other minimal encoding. It's just that curve + oscillation, in nature, is basically either helix or sine wave; the only reasonable bifurcation of choices is whether to use superposition/composite waves, or nested helices; I suspect either choice would be equivalent and remappable into one another. The nested helix is just the 'pinned on display' version that keeps things tidy, preferring to deal with clear distinction between superhelical orders. Probably, that's an abstraction that will eventually merge into superposition. But the difference is academic. It's just... do you want to look at the universe like a frog in the wild, or do you want to splay it out like a frog on a dissection plate. Same frog, easier to examine the guts if it's organized. So--superposition or nested coil orders; there aren't many other rational options, and there certainly aren't any simpler options that I'm aware of. Anything more elaborate, and you throw the door wide open to infinite degrees of freedom by adorning completely unobserved hypothetical speculative phenomena. Like unicorns. Or extra dimensions.  

* ", but the Standard Model's actual answer to "how do internal quantum numbers live in spacetime" is they don't — they live on a fiber over spacetime (gauge bundle), specifically to avoid problems like Coleman-Mandula (spacetime and internal symmetries can't mix in certain ways without killing the S-matrix). "

Right. They sidestep the problem by creating a label and a magic place for labels to live instead of facing the geometric consequences of sticking to observable data. Don't get me wrong; in the absence of a good theory, that's the right thing to do; shut up and gather evidence. It's just, eventually, you have to step back and look at the evidence you've gathered. 

"* Putting spin/flavor literally into the geometry of the worldline rather than into a fiber over it is a substantive, non-forced ontological choice, and it's one with a known reason mainstream physics avoided it. Not fatal — just worth knowing you're not sidestepping that problem, you're choosing to confront it."

Why would someone do something silly, like putting the wave equation *literally* into the ocean? Clearly, that's wild speculation. The safer bet is to note waviness as reflected onto an imaginary plane, and work with that. 

I suppose if that's all you've got, then that's what you do. But physics works in the real world that can be measured, we don't invent boxes and tuck them away, safe from the empirical data. The SM choice is non-forced. Mine is forced by the geometry and refraining from inventing imaginary structure as a crutch. If "killing the S-matrix" is a forced choice... hand me the S-matrix and I'll explain to it why it should be put to sleep. But you can't, because it's an abstraction. Convoluting into nonphysical arguments to save an abstraction is the opposite of physics. It's metaphysics. 

"Timesheet exerts force ∝ angle of intersection — this is the load-bearing postulate, and it's introduced by analogy ("like friction") rather than derived."

It's described by analogy with real world things. Friction, resistance, impedance... nature offers many mechanisms, I'll leave it an open question as to what the exact mechanism is. But it's introduced, if you read what I wrote, as something that seems implicit in the Minkowski formalism. We observe the behaviors that worldlines represent, and we observe a phenomenon that connects similar points on different worldlines into an observation that we approximate by the notion of simultaneity. Whatever that phenomenon actually is, representing it as a time sheet is approximately isomorphic to the phenomenon within the geometric grammar of the worldline diagram. That is, *if* we represent the observable phenomenon of change over time as an abstract curve (which is the closest to 1:1 mapping as I think we could get), then the timesheet abstraction is the closest isomorphism we can render to capture a relationship to the worldline equivalent to the relationship between the observed phenomena of particle paths and simultaneity-ish. The Minkowski diagram is *the absolute best we can do* to achieve a clean isomorphism with the phenomena. No theory can ever claim anything better than isomorophism with the universe, and very few can claim as clean an isomorophism as Minkowski offers. Anything more elaborate is speculative, anything less is insufficient. So, interrogating that isomorphic representation, we have to say if it's representing something, *what* is it representing? If it's only an abstraction, then it is a decorative flourish that can be tossed out altogether. So, the question is: Is there a physical process that relates to simultaneity as the time sheet relates to worldline angle. And the answer is: Yes, it's whatever the relationship between particle paths and time is. What relates them? Change, motion, transformation, interaction. In short, energy. The contact point we call "now" behaves in such a way as to convert Now_1 into Now_2 through over an interval defined by particle dynamics. So there *must* *necessarily* be some sort of energy flow happening in that interval. The question is where? We can partially answer that by pointing to the location of the particle at the two different time slices. So, that energy was exerted or expended or translated or something from one spatiotemporal coordinate to another. Either the process we represent as the timesheet takes part or it doesn't. If it doesn't, then it's an abstraction and a fiction and it has no place in a scientific theory. Chucking it would be the preferred option. But since *some* phenomenon is detectable in the measurement of time and change, then *something* is participating. Abstract concepts can be present without participation. Physical phenomena cannot, or they are by definition not physical phenomena. So, because worldline deformation seems to be the productive interpretation for particle behavior in this formalism, then economy of representation suggests timesheet deformation is the least theoretically costly proposition for what kind of interaction is happening. 

"Timesheet exerts force ∝ angle of intersection — this is the load-bearing postulate, and it's introduced by analogy ("like friction") rather than derived. That's fine as a starting hypothesis, but it's currently unquantified — there's no functional form, so there's no way yet to check whether it reproduces, say, the actual electron mass scale versus some other scale, or the right neutrino-mass-to-electron-mass ratio."

Not in my descriptive text, no. But that's the beauty of geometry; you can check it for consistency and coherence without having to calculate any specific system. That said, yes, to be impressive (as opposed to demonstrably correct, for which math is not a necessary condition, it just makes it easier), you need an equation. You've read a couple of LLM-generated attempts at formalizing. Did you not see any theta_4 calculations? Regardless, the covariant equations tell you the shape of the geometry, and the geometry tells you what the SAT equation has to be. But no, you don't get particle mass scales from timesheet dynamics, that's the wrong part of the system. Mass ratios are in the geometry of the worldlines, filament-timesheet mutual distortion would have to derive from those, not the other way round. 

"Gravity as timesheet distortion — I want to flag this one directly because it's a very well-known trap: "mass distorts the sheet, sheet distortion reproduces GR" is the same move as the rubber-sheet demo used in every pop-science explanation of gravity, and physicists specifically warn against treating that demo as an actual derivation — the classic version secretly presupposes gravity (the ball rolls into the dip because of an external downward gravity pulling it there). Saying you've "landed exactly where Minkowski started" and have "a precise mirror of the metric" is a strong claim; what would actually earn it is showing the weak-field limit reduces to Newtonian 1/r² gravity, or better, that the distortion equation reduces to something like the linearized Einstein field equation. Right now that's asserted by analogy, not shown."

First, no it is not a trap. The trap is abstracting it away so you can imagine yourself out of physicality and into some lala land of theoretical arbitrariness. Discipline is holding yourself accountable to what the physical world is telling you, and treating it as physical, resisting the impulse to treat the empirical material reality as some imaginary idea , then slotting it in amongst a bunch of other imaginary ideas in theoryland. Nobody "presupposes" gravity. One simply observes it. Here it is, it's real, it's demonstrable, it is a concrete phenomenon in the universe. The rubber sheet is just a choice to represent it visually in three dimensions, and it's close to 1:1 isomorphism, although collapsing the curvature down to three dimensions (and the surface down to two), you do lose some of the accuracy of representing the four-dimensional structure. And no, saying it's an "exact mirror of the metric" is not a strong claim. It's self-evident. Largely because it's *exactly* what Einstein was describing, and it's *exactly* what is inherent in the Minkowski diagram. It's an inevitable consequence of the diagram, and it doesn't matter if you call it time distortion or space distortion or spacetime distortion. Because those are all the same thing. It's just that we've placed too much emphasis on describing it as a spatial phenomenon. It's not. It's a spacetime phenomenon. Lopping of the "space" in spacetime is just a way of making it easier to show why it must be so, and clarifying that it's not some mystical thing that mass does to spacetime... it's an *interaction*--of *some* sort. There *is* a mechanism. Because if it doesn't then it's just an abstraction that has no real world correlate, and if that were the case, then you couldn't measure it. I'm not quite sure of the exact mode of the transfer of energy, but gravity, like everything else, obeys Newton's laws. So if it's measurable, and has energetic consequences (like gravitational potential and the acceleration of moving objects), then energy is flowing through the system. Resistance is my preferred metaphor, but rubber sheets work fine too. The important part is that you can measure it, and by sodoing, you can determine how the mechanism works. But only *if* you avoid the trap of hand-waving the concrete phenomenon into some sort of abstract mechanismless imaginary arbitrariness. Einstein's equations already describe it exactly, there's no analogy. We got to where Minkowski started, and Einstein did to, and it's the same place. The only thing that makes it a mirror rather than the exact same thing is the gap created by the differential expansion rate of spacetime being H_0 along three of its four dimensions, vs H_0 + c along its fourth (although I *may* have to bite the bullet and swallow six spacelike dimensions, three slower, three faster to account for the isometry of the observed universe.... still, a difference of c is tiny at that scale, so I'm not sure yet). 

" The minus sign isn't decorative — it's what gives spacetime a light-cone structure, distinguishes timelike from spacelike separation, and is why causality (you can't reorder causally-connected events) falls out of the geometry rather than needing to be imposed by hand. "

The minus sign is a cludge. It was a necessary cludge, because we didn't know about the expansion of the universe. But if we treat the universe as a manifold of four orthogonal spacelike dimensions in which all four are *identical* and indivisible---which is to say time is no more differentiable from space as up-down is from left-right. They aren't separable without flattening, theyr'e just different directions in the same volume. The anisometry of the expansion rate along one of the four is the whole of the difference. Everything exists and moves and propagates along all four exactly the same, except one is outpacing the others, so we're moving slightly faster in that direction, which on a cosmic scale is miniscule, but on a human scale is *huge*. You can walk forwards and backwards in time just as you can left and right and forwards and backwards.... but you won't be able to measure that motion because the baked in c totally swamps any additional motion you add. Relativity calculates numerically why that is so, it just frames it as the tradeoff between timelike and spacelike motion. Same equations, slightly different angle. 

"Careful with this framing. Occam's razor is a comparison between theories of equal explanatory power — fewer assumptions is only a virtue once you've matched what the heavier theory actually predicts numerically (Mercury's perihelion precession, muon g-2, the hadron spectrum, GPS timing corrections, etc.). Twelve paragraphs of consistent reasoning is a real achievement in coherence, but it isn't yet competing on the same axis as the theories you're comparing it to, which have that reasoning cashed out into millions of numerically checked predictions. The honest comparison is: fewer stated assumptions, dramatically less demonstrated predictive content, so far."

Then you misunderstand what I'm saying. What I'm saying is that SAT is not *new physics* (at least not what I've presented to you so far). SAT, at this level is *entirely* a tidying up of existing physics, and nothing changes in any of the calculations. They just have to be translated into 4D superhelical terms, 1:1 no changes claimed or proposed, all of the equations of GR, QCD, and SM are identical, it's just that SAT uses the covariant equations to project into the 4th dimension, and then extracts the 4D worldline geometric equations from that. What I've explained to you isn't a theory. 

It's just known physics with a cleaner interpretation. 

I need you to understand that and think it through and accept it, otherwise you're not going to be able to follow the reasoning for what actually *is* new.