PODCAST CORRECTIONS

About me: Second. Ditto for the formalization of the theory, BUT... I try very hard to constrain and check and crosscheck (interposed with periods of crazy speculation—expect that as well... 4D super organisms?? B. Eh, who knows? R. IFun to think about, thoug). 13. But from a theoretical-structural standpoint, the process is this: Geometry's not the reality—nothing *we* can put together will ever be better than approaching asymptotically closer to it. Whatever *it* is. But geometry.... there you have a system that evolution endowed us with in order to understand... well, things in general. Physical things anyway. The universe doesn't *have* to be geometry. But once you start mapping out the paths of particles, you start to see that, whatever it is, thsis—all of this—this "universe" actually *is* ...it's isomorphic to the geometry we can see. Okay, but how far does that go; I mean, we're evolved for 1g STP mesoscale...why should we be able to adapt our ingrained geometric sensibilities (because, let's be honest, that's what they are). Why should our notions of geometry be anything more than provincial? Fuck if I know. But it works. I had no idea how *well* it would work. But it's simple enough. On human scales, this thing hits that thing, that thing moves. Particle moves this way, particle moves that way, things bump, things bounce, curve off into the distance. Well, duh. But stop and think about what that means. [long pause] really stop and think about that [really long pause]. Now set up a straight line and a moving plane (or vice versa, doesn't mattter [heh]), call the intersection a particle, you have a stationary particle. So? Well that moving plane  (humor me, and call it time... just for shits and giggles) ...introduce whatever mathematics you want to shape that line, and you can make that particle move however you want jut by the shape of the line and the moving surface of time. None of this is real, mind you. But it *can* perfectly reproduce aspects of real systems. Yawn, right... we all know this. But that's not where it gets interesting. It gets interesting when you start mapping out the paths of particles under conditions we *understand*. Because *that* turns geometry into equations, and those equations describe ....What? ....ohkayy, yyeesss.... lines.... but what else? You can see this. Because you (very likely) have geometry brain too. Thing is, *any* force that influences the behavior of that particle, also changes the shape of its path in some sense. Yes, internal forces too—so long as you pick a coordinate to map it to. The "intrinsic properties" of a particle can be mapped to any arbitrary behavior of that particle. Do I *know* that? I didn't. Until I tried. Now I know, yep... whatever's going on inside a particle, it's easy enough (from a theoretical physics point of view, anyway) ...it's easy enough to determine what the equations are for any path, gross or minuscule. Again, it ain't real. It's just what happens when you map and scale forces to some mathematical object intimately related to your worldline (like, oscillations on the line itself). Then—it's just a matter of scaling each part to do its job. Which is a pain in the ass. But you *can* do it. But *why*? Because it works. Why? I don't know, but choosing to map a system *geometrically* just immediately gives you a lot of things for free. 

Anyway, I'll turn it over to the hosts, And I'll give them (and you) this: If a straight line is a motionless dot, and an angled one is moving... what's an orbiting dot look like? What about three that are orbiting each other... what's that path look like? ...well. believe it or not, but it *can* go right up to the unification of the pillars of science. And beyond. 

Enjoy the show.
—Nathan McKnight
March 4, 2026

