syrement or scarring that necessj 5 — hideout. I wonder why Phil état at Pilg aa extraordinary, why he left it to ring up an alcohol Situation Maric returns with a Swisher Cigar box Aa ates sandwich bag of dope and some rolling Papers, pied Out a the stems and seeds from a bud and twists the leavee inns cigarette, eyeing meas she licks and seals cree the paper. I sit upon her couch, feeling trepid from my sca: red conscience, what | usually feel before getting high. Maybe I’m medicating myself. Getting high seems to color in the lines of my life and makes the monotony a little mo; interesting. | envisioned the transition from college to Mceal life” being easy. But it isn’t. Crestfallen, [ lean back on my old summer job and come home every night to get stoned, watch taped episodes of Northern Exposure, and wish for a Rip Van Winkle sleep to dream away the inevitable Sisyphean routine oflife. With luck, I'll save up enough money fora good recliner tocome home and pass out in, completing the bourgeois’s full circle. Maric sits next to me on the couch and we pass the joint and listen to the music the wind makes gusting between the houses. The candle flames hypnotize me for I don’t know how long. It’s then I realize the effects have taken hold. For a while, | feel brilliant. We laugh about poor Bobby’s unanswered pages and the fallacy of having no one of age working checkout. I theorize about the old bum, saying he’s an experienced dumpster dweller, wisely choosing the recycling one. Marie laughs fora while. The wind snaps the flag out front. Maric plays her old Casio on the pipe organ setting. I stare at her smooth eyelids and long lashes as she looks pensively down at the keys. The sustained notes make me sullen and I think about funerals and somber flower arrangements. I think about Lisa and her five roses and imagine her in a thicket of them picking as many as she can pin to her shirt. She looks for the perfect corsage. She picks up one and talks into it. She calls the rose Gina and wants to know its opinion. She cuts her finger and sucks on the wound. Marie stops playing. We eat popcorn and drink a two-liter of Diet Coke under the soft light of the kitchen. We climb into her parents’ bed so we can fall asleep to the History Channel. Some historian takes us to the icy tundra of Russia where Napoleon blundered. I go to spoon Marie but she’s curled on the edge of the bed, so I close my eyes and listen to the TV. Some of us who are small dream big, the historian says- The next afternoon I sing along to Blonde on Blonde in the shower. My face appears Ee eath the fog on the mirror. | decide apainst shaving and put on my dirty blue Kroger shirt, jeans and work boots, The sun blitzes in segments through the £4ps of the blinds and dust motes waver like tiny magic carpets in the light. There’s a note from Marie on the table, the writing Tushed and erratic, without the hearts and smiley faces of her endearment. i ing each I'm saddened by the clear skies, by the birds chasing © other from tree to tree, and hearing the jubilee of kids playing
