Another bus is on the way, and a tow truck eae 'S good. “all right kids, no blood on the Windows, that’. but her Aw replacement should be here in a few minutes awe her seat conditioning * les, with air really f *e pear ae sich of relief and a few o a acl ol y at silent, exhaling jong, deep breaths. He glanced up at Nathan and a ~s in passed between them for just a moment. It was See ot arms wai those looks that sometimes passes between boys that non Urihem can ever speak of for fear of being called a pussy or fag. It was a look of relief and of thanks, and also, a jook window, of understanding. It was something that speaks ay a3 ‘ow without words, maybe words can’t even do it justice. : ‘And Brad glowed inside, He knew Wendy watched the Sheila whole thing, and he was proud. He wanted to talk to her her then, but he was still shaken. He had stolen the card after the all. So he turned his attention back to the cornstalks and waited amidst the noise and confusion for the replacement more bus to arrive . Stare Exactly three weeks later was the last day of school they Wendy climbed on the bus after school and looked around her? for Brad or Nathan. The three of them had become fast friends since the incident with Drew earlier that month. On almost the bus Drew always eyed the two boys with malice or leered at Wendy and so the three of them always stuck that together. She saw neither boy today though, and remembered She that they had ridden their bikes to school and would meet her at her bus stop after school. Sheila paid no attention to the chaos erupting around her, She leaned over, yelling and laughing back and forth with the driver in the next parking spot. Kids hurled She homework out the windows, standing up on the seats and she cheering at the arrival of summer vacation. Wendy moved cool through the aisles, looking for a place to sit. Most of the know. seats were taken up. The only open seats were the two in back. She didn’t see Drew at all and sat down, taking out read, Jane Austen novel from her backpack. She opened it and a whole tried to read, but the noise and excitement were distracting and she found herself thinking about Brad and Nathan, her make first friends. She kept thinking of the way Brad looked at her, as if trying to communicate telepathically. in the seat across from her. He was sweating again and she A minute later Drew dropped his ratty nylon bookbag show crinkled her small freckled nose. She scrunched down in her and seat and tried to make herself unnoticed. The bus lurched all forward out of its parking spot and all the kids cheered again. A fresh wave of homework and old exams hed out of the windows. Drew sat in silence. She looked at him closely and saw the bruises on his arms and cheeks. For @ moment she thought that he must have gotten beaten uP today, but she as sure she would have heard about it. The other kids Would be talking about it right now if that were the case He tumed and met her eyes. She held his £47 without flinching,
