sipped at this nd smiled my big yellow teeth as Sam and her friend Karen traded their MED grievances and how tired its made them. Karen was garrulous, something that was intensified with the downpour of White Russians. She was dominating the conversation with medical acronyms and Wallbacher sat through it complacently for the second night straight. He was a jigsaw piece with creased edges, # piece of ostentatious dark sky in the middle of the brick building. Somewhere in the transition from college life to the work force, he had lost touch with his roots. Some women shot smiles across the dissipating patches of smoke and he'd give sheepish half-grins dreaming that the skin above their asses and on their ankles is uniform, not brandishing any tattoos of rose bracelets or their pagan names, | imagined. It was something he complained about concerning

campus girls, He seemed withdrawn, staring in the flickering glow of beer signs.

Bars have always been a platform for reminiscing. Old friends catch up on recent b) happenings, a mystery often perplexing and ® shameful. [ felt jittery and tapped a sped up rhythm of “The Lion Sleeps Tonight” on the steel foundation under the table. The walls ) were lined with abstract paintings and they PX, all had the same sad appeal, often the driving motivation behind art forms. My coffee mug was empty but I grabbed it and raised it to my lips dumbly as the habit would have it. I shopped s_ around for a beautiful girl for Wallbacher. Everyone / was preoccupied and it seemed we should have chosen a meat market, but the girls wanted to talk now and the music of such places was deafening. Two beatniks hanging onto their pseudo-intelligent fagade of drab clothing leaned over a chessboard. I overheard people at the table behind us discussing the values of disenfranchisement in Radiohead's OK Computer, which the juke kept coming back to as though it was being interrupted from listening to it in its entirety. Two guys at a table next to us postulated the possibilities of the bar maid being pregnant and the averse effects of her smoking on James’ Giant Peach inside of her. I remembered seeing her reading a mindless paperback behind the bar, something she could sacrifice to distraction, back when I frequented this joint a few years ago. Another scruff bumped by us and smiled his joyful, inebriated smile, He was a blissful victim of a power hour, the shot-a-beer-a-minute (fuck it, let’s get to the point, anything worth doing is worth doing right) hour of testimony, or so his loud blathering would have us believe. He wobbled in line to get another bottle; despondent after finding out none of us had any pot, and I picked up my empty mug and pressed it to my lips, again forgetting its vacuous nature, 1 looked around the bar, at the three women lined up on stools and their legs crossed and limp feet kicking, and I thought forward to their toilet side attrition and the exorcism of the demonic Taco Bell, The bartender showed me
