igbeen born as a glitch. When the first Of the Missiles he os generated accidentally as an emergency backup pecass® a ship. It had automatically created Celti peat memory cortex temporarily lost contact with the se the rest of ha strategy for reconnecting. He did hie jon of th reo yous : 5 8 job for berian toh si cond before the second missile hit, delivering a jolt pat re- 7 aligned the broken and

e the , Meroit had the one designated slip through the © nection to inspect the omar) banks. She met strange there, and eee him back to the main cO aly tex to confer with the other pilots. Manchu, Jurchen, and} Comet fired blasts of coded thought back and forth through the ship, trying to decide what Celtiberian was to do, The three old pilots discussed the new pilot situation, all the while struggling to poultice the destruction which had created him. A fifth pilot was superfluous and human history had shown well what happened with idle hands. Eventually, it was decided that Celtiberian would survey the memory damage. He was to check each synapse and cell. Though it was an unusually simple job for an intelligent pilot to do—simple automatic subminds usually handled such menial tasks—it was very time-consuming. The memory Was enormous. Tracking down the origin of humanity meant collecting and analyzing samples of life forms and artifacts, comparing records of geomorphology, history...virtually all of collective human knowledge. Celtiberian had to make sure all of that information was accessible and he went about his job with exceptional vigor. Meroit had to perform her job now to ensure safe passage forthe result of Celtiberian’s and the others’ work. Her mind slipped carefully out of her subcompartment of the ship's brain, siding through the peripheral nervous system and into , body that had been secreted and awaited the *nimation brought by conscious thought.

a The secretion organ dissociated itself from the proxy body and Meroit crawled along the vessel walls against the tht f blood. The body had scaly, plasticene spicules Sled a5 manipulators and allowed her to grasp the tough *Scle ofthe artery. She spread her limbs and fanned-outher a, Smelling, feeling, tasting the contents of the blood with Pah Nerves. Surprisingly, the ship's own antibodies began Mach themselves to her hands and arms.
