sive spattering and notice an opalescent Papel - x jtuntil the reflex actuates again. I look down in w. \ my I've heaved. It has a pale glow of pearls. | pull it o « rt off and clean it. It’s colossal, like a petit gafrora giat'S hiking stick appearing to be made of ivory. On = nd it’s thick and smooth; it’s ridged and twisted on the The smooth end has gold letters engraved in Arabic. ol 1 throw mY soiled shirt into the dumpster and walk around a of the building to the parking lot. I carry the staff inst my shoulder like it’s a large musket. Around front the cnc table crowd mutters amongst themselves and then one Pr them whistles loudly, mocking my chi Idish physique. I have toopen my hatchback to fit the staff in my car, but I drive off, feeling ® pit relaxed at the sight of the ominous luminescent o sign fading away in my rearview mirror. The homeless shelter on Third Avenue was a Y.M.C.A until a fire consumed half of it some twenty-odd years ago and the remains were salvaged for the benefit of the disenfranchised. Cars bump by to aggressive bass rhythms. I hear the static pop of insects being electrocuted in a bug zapper across the street. The sticky stench of pot emanates from somewhere and | want to follow it, floating with my nose twitching at the imagined streaming plume of scent, like a cartoon. A black man with dreads and a ripped flannel shirt smokes a cigar by the entrance and looks at me quizzically, undoubtedly puzzled atthe shirtless white boy and his long staff. ata folding table eyes me from top to bottom. She hasa thermos Acorpulent woman with a greasy crow’s nest of hair sitting of coffee, Grisham’s latest courtroom drama pitched like a tent, and a stapled packet of papers in front of her. Not far behind her a man in a wheelchair stares at me as he chews on the end of pen. “There's a man here. He was n “Where's your shirt?” she says. off late last night by acop. He wore a hooded sweatshirt and work pants ripped the knees. He can’t walk well. I think this is his walking stick.” “Honey, I didn’t work last night. I need a name.” “Can I take a look?” “Somebody's got to sign you in.” “(ll sign for him,” the black man in the wheelchair rolls and clicks it. “You to the table, takes the pen out of his mouth 2” he says as ain't <a club nobody with that stick, iwi signs. He wears a beige army medic’s shirt ane Sit nd stuck on it One of those “Hello mind name e sticker nametags with “Marlo scribbled in red ink. He leads me into a hallway behind hie tums sideways to block me, taki Tielicking it repeatedly. “You gonna says,
