My girlfriend Maric tells me what I need from life will come in some form or another. I’m leaning my head against the smudged fingerprints of a payphone at a Shell Station my ti¢ loosened and the top buttons of my blue Oxford undone, free from an interview at the Creative Testament Marketing Firm. Marie says the subconscious works like an autopilot, constantly navigating the soul. It’s intuition, what Jung calls our sixth sense, she says. There's a quaver to her voice like she really believes these things. She clicks over toa call on the other line. I wait, wondering whether she’s trying to cheer me up or test her comprehension of some book she’s been reading. Two children with chocolate smeared smiles peek at me from the back of the van. A man wearing a fishing hat fails to stop the gas pump on $20 and thumps the roof of his Suburban. Marie never comes back to me. After a couple months of disheartening interviews and dismal projections in the classified ads, I'm apt to bide my time and wait for this subconscious to take over. So I’m back stocking groceries at Kroger, my fallback job. It’s Friday night and I’ve just finished stocking the cereal aisle. I break down cardboard boxes with my car keys. No box knives in the Kroger stockroom. The master thief conjured by my manager Phil has struck again. I imagine him in black pajamas, suctioned to the side our building with plunger heads, the box knife clamped between his teeth, soon to be added to a stash waiting in a secret fortress. A radio DJ broadcasts live from a club downtown and I pine for all the activity I’m missing: beautiful women clinking sweaty drinks together, marooned by guys in black shirts and sleek shoes; all the gorgeous waitresses balancing trays of colored drinks and foggy beer bottles and dodging pool cues. There are tiny paper cuts on my fingers below the nails. I suck on them and sigh. The sky grumbles — a dark front of clouds swirl in the beginnings of a vortex. I lean on the doorjamb to the back employee entrance and watch the sky’s hurried movement, I carry the flattened boxes to the dumpster. A fierce wind ravages the back lot, rolling pop cans and discarded beer bottles somewhere in the dark. I peer into the dumpster to determine how much space I have to work. Jutting out from beneath a cardboard box etched with a smiling Charmin baby are sandaled feet, hair arching like bridges over the gaps between the toes. I hurry inside and page Phil. News travels fast among the inner circles of the Kroger team. You find out something — something juicy, I guess and you feel this overwhelming propensity to unburden it and share in its gospel. So a group of us who walk this labyrinth of aisles on a Friday night, bound to rent payments and car leases, we pass the word along and seize the opportunity to do something outside of our job descriptions. We stand by the dumpster debating whether or not (o call the police. | wipe cardboard shavings off of my pant legs. Lisa narrates into her cell phone between drags offa menthol
