“Nah. You see, sometimes you need physical pain » Wallbacher said, grimacing, forget about emotion al pain, He squinted an¢ J rubbed his ribs “Jung say that?” “| don’t know. Probably si ‘And so Wallbacher propped { himself on a couch, his expound on the difficulties smashing the Mike Sells, ready to of finding a suitable companion. Men, our internal should house all the bobbing bottles encasing the things don’t float, but should sink into the cold abyss where soggy messages are smudged unreadable But Wallbacher was bent on catharsis. He would me a notepad and I’ 4 busy myself with something maybe scribble down my dream I had the previous night, I'd postulate on the chances of the Buffalo Bills going and five this year. You can only take apart a broken and randomly press wires together so many times to they spark. Shrinks must surely see this as an axiom of profession. Wallbacher squinted his eyes, struggling to open if he'd been belted hard on the head and had developed irreparable twitch. The Sauvignon pulled his brain from skull like it was a wad of gum stuck in his hair. Poor sap. was Cupid's pincushion, walking around like an old extra from a silent Western flick, arrows jutting out him porcupine quills. -30- He began a great roaring monologue on his date

previous evening with a gorgeous medical student Mya. He spoke with a lit cigarette stuck to his lip, with his sparse saliva, not that he was a smoker. He drag off the thing, but he had an image of the great French lover to carry out, wearing black Levi’sanda tee shirt like some hack art student. His voice became and tremulous over the difficult parts where he claimed have seen a glint of promise in Mya’s eyes while she an oozing chunk of chicken cacciatore. It was the one they shared suggesting possibility, he said. He dredged retrospectively in bewilderment, shaking head. He confessed fear of not finding a true woman his criteria—a mender of wounds, a scrambler of warmer of beds—a true simpatico to nurture the landscape of his soul. In that moment, Wallbacher said, a strand strawberry blonde hair fell down into the cream brushed it back behind her ear and smiled warmly at was overpowered by the glint, a shimmering distant across the hazel terra of her eyes, and Mya’s face what Wallbacher said he initially saw as blushing, turned out a chunk of chicken and peas had lodged in throat. “Js she all right? What did you do?” I asked. “Well I jumped up to give her the damn Heimlich, she’d fallen backward onto the table behind her, kicking up in the air like she was drowning and a guys grabbed her and began pumping away at her.”
