we have never, I repeat, never, seen such a display sibility of inte | don't know what to say Mr. Hobble,” Timothy - think about it a1 fore 1 knew it...” =| don't know what pad pee eye this feeling sof : ease Something must be done. Actions such aed eae go unaccounted for. There are standards of sities Och must be maintained. A feeling you say? ee think about it? Well Tim, Im certain neither of a ities is mentioned in your job description.” jt was at this precise moment that Timothy, taking a breath in an effort to relax, hiccupped. Mr, Hobbie frowned. He liked positive response to his verbal counseling, constructive feedback. He was not quite sure how to categorize Timothy’s reaction. Perhaps this response Was due to a physiological imbalance caused by his expenence of electric shock. On the other hand, perhaps it was this small employee's way of demonstrating his gebelliousness and disrespect for authority. Whichever, Mr. Hobble didn’t like it, didn’t like it one bit. And where before he bad planned to give Timothy only a verbal reprimand, now, he thought, perhaps he should consider consulting with his own supervisor as to what the best and most productive course of action would be. Mr. Hobble took a deep breath. His lower lip popped out. “As of this moment,” he announced, “You are on ninety days probation. We'll be keeping a close eye on your conduct and can only hope such an error does not occur again.” Timothy twittered on his feet, his eyes glued to that blue button, fear twitching in his upper lip. He felt at any moment his moming meal would return and recreate itself in a colorful visual on Mr. Hobble floor. He swallowed hard and managed to release a meek, “Thank you, sir.” Oh, how he had loved his work that morning, and every moming really. Now though, all had changed. The balance Was upset, and this, this horrible asymmetric state could Not be vanquished. His depression could not be measured. He had lost the ability to immerse himself in his work. He Would have cried, but knowing as he did now that the floor was electric, refrained from producing the conductive liquid. He re-entered his closet and quietly closed the door. His fon trembled, his knees shook. Reluctantly he pressed bet button which would begin his work. The humming began, Where it once signaled a deep esthetic response, it now ©voked nothing but a thin film of perspiration. Don’t think of the floor, he thought. Don't think of {hobation, he thought. Don’t think of not thinking, he nought, The dial quivered. He flicked a switch, cranked a crank, @ button and pressed a pedal, The dial returned, Prisca through the sequence, the switch, the button, the seal Pedal. A bit quicker this time. And again, and N, and soon he was working as well as ever, floating in
