aaa k. There are black thrusts out and f falls back onto th ne asphalt. broken fragment of the stic’ his shirt. 4 “You won't believe W hat just happened, “Damnit, Lisa, call the police,” P' himself up onto his palms. Marte squeezes My throbs. I feel a needle-pricking sensation in my . 2 base a yg Or apy a agi ngihewe 9 face hides in the shadow sweatshirt. He wobbles backwards and catches the opening with his right hand and feebly myself from Maric and shake some feeling back I step forward and grab under his armpits and operator's voice buzzes from Lisa’s phone uhat’s your emergency?” It repeats. “What should I tell them? Phil, what should says. She sighs when Phil doesn’t answer Strangely, Phil pats the man down while him. He grabs Lisa’s phone. “We've got a vagrant adisturbance. We need him escorted.” The old man puts his arm around me like college buddy. He doesn’t say a word and urine. His ankles are bruised and swollen. “He’s not disturbing anyone, Phil. The waking him,” Mane says, reaching for the backs away and collapses against me. “What's she asks gingerly. 2 The receiving door opens and casts an silhouette of Bobby, a pimpled cashier. He over his mouth. “Phil out there?” Phil hands the phone back to Lisa. “What Bobby?” “Man, I’ve been paging you for ten minutes. 99 up front.” Phil grabs his clipboard and walks toward stockroom. He stops halfway and turns to dark. “Tell them to come around back to says, “no use making a scene out of this.” on the asphalt and a cool dark restores when Marie stands hugging herself, shivering. far end of the alley illuminates and a cruiser headlights blinding. A young, mustached cop the back of his cruicer, The oldman looks like head bent forward in supplication. The cop then slams his door shut with unusual window and gesture him to roll itdown. He “Where will you take him?” I ask. _ “There's a shelter on Third. He’ll be all his window and sits there for a few conversation with his wave radio. He shoots at Maric and drives away. Marie stares at the oil stains where the wrap my arm around her to pull her to me, doesn't give as though she’s entranced by
