palms were There w. Sweating and she felt uncomfortable in was no malice in that gaze, no anger, nothing you get ina fight today?” she asked after a moment, Drew sai sed at herself that she was speaking to him. i id nothing. He | i and shrugged jooked down at his bruised leh footed My dad was still drunk this morning They were silent after t it. Drew sat staring out the occasionally turni z to look at Wendy and to force sarap: Wendy sat watching him and thinking about his life must be. She felt sorry for him, The bus moved through its route like a rolling part was oblivious to the chaos surrounding he: She h 3 headphones on and sang al vie age kids ot sang along with Debbie Gibson as is climbed off the bus one after the other. After awhile Wendy saw that Drew was watching her closely, She began to feel uncomfortable under his and tried not to meet his eyes. She found herself wondering about Brad and Nathan again, wondering where were and what they were doing. Were they thinking of She thought they might be waiting at her stop. And then Drew was sitting next to her. The stink was overpowering, underneath the sweat smell was something much more subtle and horrible, like old socks have laid at the bottom of the laundry basket for months. watched out the window and pretended to ignore him. -Al- “I think you're really cool, Wendy,” he said after a moment. She felt his hot breath against her shoulder, barely covered by the strap of the sunflower spring dress she wore. 10 She turned and glared at him. “You think I’m cool?” almost laughed in his face. But he looked sincere, and saw the bruises again and felt sorry for him. “What's about me? I’m just a new kid, right?” If he heard the irony in her voice he ignored it. “Idon’t You’re smart. You read all those books. I can barely And everybody likes you and you've only been here month.” His gaze fell to the floor. “I've been here my W: ig life and everybody hates me.” “Maybe if you weren't so mean to everybody you'd some friends.” He shrugged. “You're probably right. Hey, maybe we could be friends. We could hang out this summer and ru you around town and stuff. We could go to the movies hang out and have lots of fun.” He looked excited. She felt happy for him and uneasy at the same time, “don't know, What about Brad and Nathan?” ‘A shadow passed over his eyes and then was gone. “Screw it, I don’t care about the stupid baseball card. Whatever. Those guys are okay, I guess.” He grinned, Her stomach twisted itself into a knot and she broke into a cold sweat. “Well, I guess we could hang out sometime.” “Yeah? His eyes lit again with childlike excitement, Yeah? It'll be great, you'll see. I know all the cool spots.” He put
