of the hair on his ie me old man stands up next to me and looks through the say ys, pointing As the lion prepares for another lunge, two men in green clicks it in agitation. suits appear at the end of the hallway with rifles. They shoot my open palms, two tranquilizer darts in the lion's hindquarters. It yelps, snaps but I can only see around, and runs at them. They duck out of the hallway and on his hands is the lion disappears after them. pale as ifthe staff The old man shakes the doors. chest. I feel pain ah 3g kidding me?” a man beside us says. Marlo says. He batiway with a apenreditoe tn te ll the staff out of the de his pen clamped “What are you doing, kid?” one of the men asks. I give the old man his staff and he walks with me down the his palm against hallway where the lion is roaring and two men are screaming. checked fora fever. “Shoot it again, damnit!” with my arm numb The lion staggers. It turns towards us and roars with its dream into her ear eyes half-closed. Hunkered again in a crouch, the lion can’t

muster the strength to attack and falls into a heap at our feet. slaps against the | watch the old man bend down to the lion and stroke its squeaking like mane. He pushes the lion’s eyelids open, revealing a large white rope slows and_ eyeball that’s rolled back in its head. He rubs his throat, then thymes become opens the doors and hobbles out into the windy night. low on batteries. | Part of me wishes that the lion mauled me, that I would

have this disgusting gash seeping through the gauze while I lay away and I open ina hospital bed, Marie weeping above me and lightly touching their cots looking my wound. I would show her where it hurts. the jump ropes So here I am, this shirtless, impish boy who's afraid to again and it’s inthe summon up his strength and be a man, standing over the hulk as itcreeps toward of a lion, who may very well be dreaming of the impala he doors closed. They dragged into the thicket some long gone forgotten night. | want doors with. People to forget everything. them pushing Marlo But here I am, just another boy without a date for this They huddle in the spinning dance of the seasons. Day twirls into night back into He hobbles through I could call Marie and sort out this cop situation. But day. The two men rip it what would I say that would be heard? I could go home and the doors with it. flip on the History Channel, maybe catch more about overturned cots, and Napoleon, and this time I'd listen intently, while I lick the and leans against salt and scattered kemels of the empty popcom bowl. I'd from the doors. listen to find out what went wrong. I could return the sting by walking into the bakery with my I see the lion on its fists clenched, my eyes wild and tearful, and make a beast of I fall backward, the myself until the authorities sedate me and I’m only left with screams behind us. dreams of how everything was and could have been. they catch against But I won't. I know my limitations. I'll be stoic. I'll move window. on like the old man, in a sense. Ul take whatever Is been perhaps, thats the loudest noise I can make. head 9 given to me and make do with it quietly, and
