for a story. It took nearly four years and three or Elders our takes before I got it down. Maybe, | haven't oe My gut tells me it’s right, though. | love how the idea for a story lives in the subconscious until et it down. This one was with me as | drove Two by fields of stubble, past an accident on the interstate, and with me as | reveled at the impossible synchronicity of my turn signal with that of the car in front of me at traffic lights. It’s true what Chabon said about writing being Timothy. porous. When you're looking for what’s needed in a story, it does often find you. That's why many on the back of ATM receipts or junk mail. The pivotal scenes he moments have been written spring winds of 1999 carried JFK Jr. into the murky The Atlantic Ocean off of Martha’s Vinyard. Is that the Voice of God? If there is a creator in some form, haven’t the Kennedy’s pissed them off The something awful? Nathan McKnight, a geologist and expert rat trainer at COSI, has written an intriguing story on the circularity of life, one that is reminiscent oF Clarka’s 2001: A Space Odyssey (ni some Ways: The It too has an element of recovery as the Memory of Flesh is looking for its home planet. Claire, in McKnight’s Elders in the Love Garden, finds ~ herself huddling up to a wax figure of Mrs. Hoover A Cover while pining for her grandmother. Joe Bellomy’s Concrete Afternoon, laden with deft detail and experience with a cult. Shannon Rampe--in what Concrete imagery, tells the recollection of a girl’s may be one of the more disturbing scenes I’ve read in a while--accurately captures the school bus experience and adds more depth to the hut already gloomy yellow mass. Aman tells what went wrong with his life-why the bear magnets have migrated to another refrigerator--to an unsuspecting editor in Rampe’s A Cover Letter, where style is truly an extension of format. | hope you enjoy this second batch of stories, as much as I’ve enjoyed watching them blossom, and continue to support our cause. Stay with us and we'll keep you afloat. October 2002 Ben Crites © ee eee
