define the feeling, the meter fell. Never before had it fallen, indecis! ‘on gave rise to the decision itself. As he tried y, meter moved downward, and Timothy, caught in the crux of far. What were the numbers? Forget the numbers, The and unidenti fiable feeling emanating from deep within his chest, failed to push the button which would return the dia} failed to turn the crank which would relight the bution, failed to flip the switch which would reposition the prtiny failed to press the pedal which would justify the switch, and asa consequence...the floor became electric. : than the height of a standard doorway. It immobilized his The jolt sent him upward, approximately two feet higher motor skills, stunned his senses, and completely eliminated the cause of his neglect (that feeling of offness) by inducing quite suddenly, a state of timeless unconsciousness. : itself through the appearance/experience ofa series of sexual While in this nonlinear state Timothy’s offness manifested images which caused his body to generate an erection and emita few sparse drops of ‘seminal fluid into his undershorts. Luckily this process went undetected both by himself and his supervisors and was not recorded in formal report of his conduct. These images consisted of female acrobats, oriental contortionists, and fabrics, bolts, blankets of warm, wet, sticky flesh. Following this phase he began to experience the construction of mathematical abstractions, none of which he understood. It was during the construction of a six dimensional cube that Timothy was revived. most lavish, well lit closets in the entire complex. Timothy He found himself in his supervisor’s closet, one of the awoke muttering something about a net, a triple somersault, ale feat never before performed in a public arena. jell ag Boge“ you’re here?” Began the supervisor, lente ae. ahaee nose and eyes like marbles in their 1, uh, well I...” Timothy stuttered, not having realized where he was let alone why he was there. , Bd his supervisor said, standing and pointing at Se Mian They were all lit...all except one. One pet! hast os one, fourth row down from the top, pa rom the left, an inch square, protruding 4 half Lh ae the wall. Of all the buttons on that wall oaly at not lit, and that one was Timothy's. His body rebe i a single exposed nerve, vibrating from the top of his “Lit. ey have my board lit,” Continued the supervise’ et the pinched oval of his butthole. Beep nced, Regulated. Do you understand that Tim? ene motto here. Balance, Harmony. Unity, Continuity: bina - the terms of your employment. They were nag pene well, look here.” He lifted a sheet of pape Pe yrs It says here you failed to note the dial, failed «, Rush the button, failed to tur the crank, failed to flip the and failed to press the pedal. Timothy, I hate say
