Back in the stockroom I feel sick, maniacal, too, like I’m a bad actor jerked off stage and clawing my way back toward the gap of light between the curtains while stage technicians pull on my legs. The damn unsympathetic radio bursts out “Waterloo Sunset” as a sign that this treacherous life wants me skal ina rowboat and pushed adrift the frigid waters towards Aiba. The thought of Marie and that cop bounces in my head like a rubber ball from a quarter machine. I step into the break room to catch my breath, There’s a local news broadcast on the television. A woman interviews a zookeeper. She tilts her head. “It’s a very dangerous animal. Call local authorities as soon as you see it,” she said. S\ They show footage of a lion posing

with a different zookeeper at a press conference. Then something aggravates the lion and it swats the zookeeper in the head with its massive paw. People scream. They cut to footage of the zookeeper’s mangled face, as he is loaded into an ambulance.

“Just to recap, a lion has escaped from the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium,” the reporter says. “Be on the lookout,” she says. I step back into the stockroom and pace back and forth. Phil watches the change in me from mild employee to seething madman. I pick up a box of tortillas ‘B . ‘ and hold it fora while, letting

the strain pull at my muscles as I stare off into Phil’s eyes, his eyebrows arched like a children’s drawing of birds, and that rubber ball bounces and bounces. I twitch. There’s a centipede on the floor stuck on its back, one hundred tiny legs kicking up in the air, and I drop the box on it. From its perspective it must've looked like the comet falling down towards the dinosaurs, getting bigger and bigger until it’s everything. I gather flattened boxes my diligent co-workers have piled by the back exitand! heft them outside with a stinging sensation of the edges cutting into my arms and wrist. [plan my retaliation, pacing in the alley, throwing boxes in the dumpster. But soon enough my courage shrinks. I fear what will become of myself when I piss off the F.0.P. L imagine them at their lodge, tracing my credit cards, cleaning their oe idling in front of my ment in the middle of the night. of cates and although it begins with heartache, my stomach sick and my bowels loosen. The embarrassment that rm actually crying intensifies the flow of tears 1 lean into the dumpster and puke. Soon it’s just stringy bile; my Bag reflex has nothing left to siphon, and I thirst for Seagram's V.O., to
