grand discovery but man’s home on the pep orbiting the center of the galaxy left, he slowly developed a wi ‘ei obo eally kne’ vi something ae apaailey in some quarters occasions of halting the activity to pursue for Earth, and there nore research goals. It was v to k for br ital i brain r conflicts, memory gaps, MINOT subsystem might hinder the continuing function of the brain sel scape information flow from n ite. Dipping the seaia, MRGrOR was relieved to find a healthy central system The vitals check went on for interminable while she verified every imaginable parameter function down to the subcellular level. It seconds on end. ” ~~ Finally, she tumed the sensors on her own here that she received a shock. She knew that personality from backup memories caused minor with memory—that was one of the many things taught her—but she hadn't expected damage to It was inexplicable. All the information she'd suggested that one could only expect slight possibly a series of ticks. Nothing that couldn’t by the psych rehab programs. But the damage she would require intensive chemical modifiers, require physical intervention. In the middle of her own internal explorations, relayed an alarm. It indicated minute but rising pathogen spreading out from near the damaged the ship. Hoping her own glitches could dispatched antigens to the site. The ship’s immune system was supposed regulating. It had a huge memory bank dedicated data from previous infections. Unfortunately memory had to be cannibalized for backup after missiles detonated. The damage directly caused was serious, but it was all the attendant problems really threatened the mission. Clotting had small strokes in the ship's brain—killing pilots, out memory resources, ithad been catastrophic, to the ship. Meroit was doing many things days, working with incomplete information and solve problems that specialized cortices of the normally cope with. Most pilots wouldn’t be flexible For that, she had Celtiberian to thank, Most have died. She imagined hundreds of the ships explore must be floating aimlessly through space, rind minor problems. Meroit felt ashamed peace me onl be so wasteful—and shame was onus become foreign to humanity pri: si =f ee the levels of pathogen esum d r own self-examination. Meroit of this ship's pilots, Most of them had piloted
