Dessinnace rest! ul On such a beautiful day iy less soul = A ra lian nh ccepting this will Soon kill any passion = Ww a - I driv 3 € past the Ohio State Universit i s

A beautiful redhea light and I want to ieee piper mepeeterin te. Driving fas changed sins een es Sots You use to be able to flirt on the road but OW everyone is pre-oc i Z ret Rertadel ‘cupied, staring forward and talking : Loften wish that the giant Kroger sign looming off in the distance were a mirage. I'd get closer and the building would dissipate into a panorama of sand dunes. Like when driving in the daylight, sometimes you see silvery stretches in the toad ahead which look like floods of water but the closer you get over every hump the mirrored water shifts further off in the distance. almost run over Bobby in the parking lot. He’s collecting stray carts and stands stoically when I roar to a halt, begging for release. I park in a slant that takes up two spaces. “Hey, Bob. You keep calling those 99s. Somebody's “2 bound to hear you. Those college kids will wait, too. You won't believe how long they'll wait on cases of Beast or Natty,” I say and mess up his hair. He backs out of reach. “Lisa says you found a hobo. That's what you guys were doing at the dumpster last night. Fishing out a hobo.” “Yeah, well, they should give Lisa a rose for gabbing.” Bobby’s lead cart has a busted wheel and he pushes on the train of them and it weaves side to side like a snake. ‘There are white chalk lines where the stuck wheel scrapes against the blacktop. I dislodge the lead cart and heave it into an empty parking spot. “What did he say? The hobo, When you woke him,” Bobby says. ; “phil woke him. He didn’t say anything, just seemed to want to keep away from Phil like the rest of us.” = There are a bunch of blue shirts at a picnic table out front by the pop machines. They smoke cigarettes and g) yawn in the sun, stretching out their breaks as long as they ES ‘can, One wild kid pinches a girl and then runs away giggling. 3 A Salvation Army representative sits in a folding chair J with a jar of coins and a stack of pink flyers heaped on a & card table next to him. ° 1 stand in front of the automatic doors and they won't & open. I stare into the reflection in the glass and watch people stack paper sacks full of groceries in their trunks in the 2 parking lot behind me and I marvel at the passing traffic far off, at life moving on without me this gorgeous aftemoon. 2 The doors won't open. | sneak in the exit, brushing pasta [{
