jetting you by unless you do,” ‘ - vee He liske bie pa ui do,” he said. I quietly mult it All right,” I say, “I'll give you twenty, but you have to Stick by me in case something happens.” I hand Marlo a twenty, one that has a pentagram branded on Hamilton's forehead and he folds it into hi Opposite the nametag and then places the pen back in his s folds it into his breast pocket mouth, He wh ‘MMe me hate being stared at,” he Pig He Par helonaa a “They gonna stare at you. Don't Beyond the doors is a large gymnasium that looks like a makeshift Army hospital with lines of cots. Long fluorescent light fixtures hang like sarcophagi from the rafters and illuminate the gym brightly, except for the far corner where two fixtures are burned out. Many haggard faces shift toward us, some card games are interrupted, some of them gasp and laugh. Two basketball hoops are folded up toward the rafters. Boxes full of books and board games line one wall. Some have names of rooms written in marker on the cardboard flaps. There are tables with hot plates and giant soup pans, crockpots, long foil pans, stacks of paper plates, bowls, and silverware lining another wall. The gym echoes with the struggling sounds of coughing and wheezing. A cot close to us has a bible lodged under one of the legs to level it out. In it, a grizzled man sleeps with his back towards us. Next to him a woman sits cross-legged on a cot rocking her crying baby. At the far perimeter of the cots, girls sing and jump rope, their hair b raided tight against their scalp. It’s hard not to stare. I walk among them and try to s mile warmly, but seeing them, watching the small routines 0! f their lives confined i a gymnasium enhan ces the sadness I already feel. Marlo’ wheels squeak behind me. Some of them seem so beate! less man with a magnificent staff at that the sight of a shirt! hiking among them doesn’t draw a bit of interest. These people turn over in their cots or ¢! m. It smells of vegetable Jse open small slits in their eyes then sleepily close the: scratches the Soup and bumt bread. We pass a man who There’s a flaccid sleeve up back of his head with one arm. where his other arm should be. The old man in the eatshirt sits against the he his head drooped forward, his ankles in is medical tape. The staff glows

fixtures. Marlo clicks his pen the

» he ain’t got nothing to Say: to Marlo rolls uP to him. He clicks his pen impact of hi s words. “You ain't got shit to

n't MOVE. His features are dark, the hood and lack of light, and I realize
