cigarette. She has five roses on her nameta: i most of her high school years scanning pe. dia steers register, No one can type in a produce code faster. Work is like prison in more ways than onc. The more time you spend, the higher seniority. At Kroger, seniority is represented in felt roses on nametags. I haven't worm my nametag in months. Marie digs her hands in her jean pockets and shivers. She has a powdering of flour on her Asics. She nuzzles against me like a cat. The wind blows her hair in gyrating swirls behind her head and I gaze at the shifting clouds shrouding the moon beyond that flapping flag of hair. Phil trundles out, his tie wrapped up over his shoulder, his gelled hair coming unglued. He carries a clipboard with fluttering sheets of inventory. He bends down in front of the paneled opening, scrunches his nose and pushes his glasses back in study of the protruding feet. I watch a possum bump its way through the blowing trash. Lisa imitates a National Geographic host, her accent contrived British. “Hmm. Yes,” Phil says. He looks up at Li . “She call O11?" “Rob Anthony broke up with Sara and now he doesn’t have a date for the dance,” Marie squeals, hurried like a valley girl. We relive all the copious details of high school angst, confusion, all the complex facets of melodrama through a distorted squawk we have come to recognize as Gina, emanating from Lisa’s cell phone. Not that I complain. It’s good to be reminded of those feelings, to let the nostalgia warm me, “Tell Gina you'll call her back,” Phil says. This statement, delivered in the same direct manner has interrupted many beautiful daydreams. “Is he dead?” Phil asks. “J didn’t check,” I say. “One could argue the lack of ambition and involvement in society has rendered him lifeless,” Marie says and digs her chin into my shoulder. Phil looks questionably at her and looks up at me, maybe wanting a nod of agreement. He hands me the clipboard, stretches his shirt up over his nose and sticks his head into the rusted dumpster. “Dear God,” he gasps, “it smells like death.” Phil’s voice echoes inside, wanting to spill out into the windy night. At Phil’s request Maric retrieves a long branch and hands it to him. She coils back around my arm, not that it was particularly cold. But Marie, like all women I’ve known, has heightened sensitivities toward temperatures. Phil’s legs lift ep off the ground as he leans into the dumpster and prods into the covering of cardboard above the man’s worn feet. “He’s in the dumpster now. I can see his crack. I think he’s poking around with a stick,” Lisa says to Gina. “Hey! Get out of there, now. This isn’t any place for you, Move on,” Phil says. A big commotion follows; cardboard flops like sheets of aluminum, something smacks against the side of the dumpster.
