his function, reveling in union with the work he held so dearly. Then, as he reached the height of his ecstasy, a vision came to him. The sight of that blue button, extinguished due to his failure. A slow melancholy set in. The dial fell, but he caught it in time. The self questioning returned and washed through him. There was something he was missing, something to do with that button, something to do with his work, something to do with purpose. Purpose, he thought, and his mind drifted. Purpose, he thought, and the dial began to fall. Purpose, he thought and the floor became electric. The last touch of the oriental contortionist drifted away and he heard them speaking. His name was mentioned and his awareness returned. He held his eyes closed. Perhaps they'll just wheel me away, he thought, send me to my cubical. Mr. Hobble was speaking. “It could be that first jolt killed a few brain cells.” “| don’t think so.” Timothy recognized the voice. I was Mr. Toby, Mr. Hobble’s supervisor. “He’s always performed well in the past,” Hobble said. (Hope sprang into Timothy’s heart.) “Past performance doesn’t count for much when the lights are going out.” (Hoped died in Timothy's heart.) “We may be able to rehabilitate him,” Mr. Hobble said. (Yes, yes, thought Timothy. I'll be rehabilitated. I'll go to classes. I'll work very hard and I won't ever think of purpose again. I won't ever think of...) “Purpose,” he muttered aloud. “Ah-ha!” cried Mr. Toby at the word. How delighted he was, He radiated beams of superiority at having discovered this little man’s subtle plotting. He nodded his head deeply with this new understanding. It was just as he thought. Timothy, quiet, innocent in his outward demeanor, was in fact, an insidious schemer.

“Now it’s all clear,” Mr. Toby said. “You've done all this with purpose.” “No, no.” Timothy mumbled, “I didn’t mean...” “Mr, Hobble,” said Mr. Toby, “I think it is quite clear what must be done.” He stooped, locked eyes with Timothy. “You, sir, are the lowest form of scoundrel. Look around here.” Timothy looked around but saw only office funiture. ‘Then he saw another board of lights. A wave of relief passed through him as he noted all the lights were Lit. Mr. Toby tottered to the panel, “I want you to see the results of your plotting.” “But they're all Lit,” Timothy protested. “Lit yes, but see here? This button. | be; closely at it. See how these three shimmer wihaon ton But see here, due to your uns i i ‘ peakable behav: button, here. See? See? It's dimmer than the oe pa Just then a buzzer sounded. Toby's eyes went wide, He
