lin es of dirt on He holds a drops of oil. We walk back toward the receiving door, a metal} clink of a Zippo behind us, an excited exhalation. c “Gina, you won't believe this.” Lis: e pushes The remainder of my shift goes by quickly because | lose arm fingers. so hard it myself thinking and I’m unaware of the routine my body conducts. I think ne the interview with Testis: a4 cf look rise and fal above his desk, like the humps ike s, the worn Marketing. I see the striped Armani knees of the S; of his hooded and submerging, as he crosses his legs. A man beside hime the comer of plump and pinkish like a newborn baby, sits with a tired struggles. I free expression, reminding me of Alfred Hitchcock. He has a beauty intomy hand. mark splotch of ketchup just above his lip. There are several saying, “9-1-1, Dilbert strip. Sunlight shoots intensely through a window lift him out. An full cups of coffee on the desk surface, covering a laminated I say?” Lisa 1 think about the man in the dumpster, about what behind them and I squint and shelter my eyes with my hand, promptly. circumstances could lead him to trade a bed for a cardboard I have a grip on dumpster. I think about Jung and his belief in the “sixth sense” here causing that Marie always talks about and I try guessing how he would

explain this. Would Marie still argue the role of the he’s my drunken subconscious? Do we secretly desire to make a mess of smells pungent of ourselves? I can’t find anything on the radio as I drive back to my disturbance is you apartmentafter work. I fumble with the dial. The synchronicity man’s hood. He of commercial breaks among radio stations amazes me. It’s your name?” possible there’s a universal time to plug obnoxious car dealerships, carpet sales, and the riveting new cop drama; all enormous, stretched cups his hands these job interviews, the soul wrenching business jargon-filled the ubiquitous schemes of marketing I feign interest in during meetings to sell computers, my God! I tum the dial with hope do you need, of finding something. Inside my apartment Howard Stern convinces a Playboy We've got a_ model to take her clothes off and sit on his lap. He guesses her cup size. My roommate sleeps in the recliner. His lower lip us, his features models. The dog-eared TV Guide next to him is splayed with the light of the trembles. Maybe he’s. somewhere with topless playboy His shadow gorges down the volume. The light on the answering machine ist * the dumpster,” he six dead Bud Lights. Jackie Martling laughs derisively. lum he shuts the door. pulsing. No callbacks. No planes flying over the desert island. We wait until the I throw some clothes, toiletries, and a Calvino paperback pulls up to us, its into a duffel bag and drive to Marie’s, hitting the dashboard loads the man in and turning the radio dial endlessly. Along the streets re amonk with his bow in the whipping wind and I grasp the wheel to keep aggression. Trap on his Marie has showered and smells liciously ie winks at Marie Geo from spinning out of control. songs smiles arrogantly. andi lotions. She wears plaid pants and a long jes°Y- te right.” He rolls up grins and steps aside, closes the blinds on her aye ligh’s are in San Diego and I’m ready for her to jum ne indows minutes, having a and turns off the lights. I trip over MY duffel bag into te a sardonic smile some lilac candles on her cofifee table then cruiser had been. 1 _ I revel in the dancing flames and think about abyss of her darkened hallway. 4 those but for a second she feet, the hair on the toes and thie ls. hiding, 9° something in the is mal led, if there's ing hideous he's
