on while I’m gone. I want every one of you to sit here, be quiet, and keep your paws off each other. No fighting, no bickering, and no climbing over the seats like monkeys.” She stepped down off the bus and started up the road, wiping a film of sweat from her brow. Andrew Spikott was the real troublemaker that year and by no means was this day any exception. He was only a freshman, but was eighteen years old. He had been held back a couple of times and had a mouth like the Grand Canyon, and the common sense and intelligence ofa dried up mud puddle. He always went by Drew, and behind his back the other kids called him Drool, because he had a bad habit of leaving his mouth hanging open and, inevitably, a wet spot pooled on his t-shirt. The kid smelled bad and the older kids didn’t want anything to do with him so he didn’t really have any friends. He'd intimidate the younger kids though, pushing them around, giving them “wet willies” or flicking their ears. A couple of junior high kids named Tom and Robby were his lackeys, and between the two of them they were almost as mean as Drew himself. Drew was really irked that day. He was sweating hard. Between his weight and the blue jeans and cowboy boots, he was drenched and he smelled like a locker room. He’d been laying the pressure on Brad Michaelson all week to steal him a Chris Sabo rookie baseball card from Nathan Hoffstedder, and had threatened to beat the snot out of him ‘if he didn’t do it. His tactics varied from wheedling to ight threats, and finally, shortly before the bus stalled, had moved up a few seats to trade cards with Nathan. Nathan wasn’t watching, Brad pulled the card out of ithe page of plastic sleeves and slipped it into his shirt pocket. “He was sweating almost as hard as Drew and his hand shook “as he passed the binder full of cards back to Nathan. “Nothing I need right now,” he mumbled, and scurried back to his seat. As the engine ground to a halt Nathan turned around in his seat. His eyes were hot behind his wire-rim glasses. “Who took my Sabo card?” he asked, his voice hot and gravelly. “Brad, do you have my Sabo? Drew?” Brad refused to look him in the eye, just muttered, j 2 fr © 6 wR of com in the ) Several other kids turned around to watch the

altercation. One girl, Wendy Mulligan, watched all of this with a kind of fascination. She was new—it was only her third day here—and she hadn’t made any friends, Her family had recently moved to Lima and she’d been transferred from 4 private to a public school. The never-ending war on the School bus was an entirely new experience for her. = Site pantd Ine a thief Hoffitedder?” shouted Dre. climbed letting his bell i rahe ecat. 1B ly press against the top Nathan fumed for a moment but said nothi was five years older than Nathan and twice his <P oat climbed off the bus at this point and Nathan flipped through
