me with a rather limited vocabulary. The teddy bear to hibernate on someone else's fridge door, A black and “Clay's Package Liquor” whitewashed on the side is taped now. job?” she asked. nothing. The lecture was coming. us—correction: costs me twelve hundred bucks a month?” Corona and pulled a cigarette from the pack lying on the for six more months to work at home. I said okay. It's Her voice was icy. I tried to remember what she had been we moved here. She fell for me because I am a writer, she class family and me a struggling writer and an art school accounting firm the first week we were here and without a and sandals for gray business suits and sensible pumps. at me and sipping the Corona. I felt my cheeks turns well-dressed young businessmen she lunched with every

my short stories.” back?” slips so far, but it takes awhile for magazines to get back to a step away from me. I frowned and took a cigarette from is finished honey. Pretty soon, I'll be done editing it. I've publishers to send it to. I just need another month.” This

written the ending yet. I was still waiting for it to hit me. incredible records playing Minesweeper and Solitaire. Also, I

Still, the end was on its way. I'm finishing it tonight, after

last month, and the month before that! Last month, you résumés. I even went through the newspaper for you and a goddamn thing, have you?” probably would have felt ashamed of myself. I had been My sole form of income had been when my mom mailed and another one for Christmas. My ego was bruised though, supposed to do? Sacrifice my creative spirit to the burger cretins? She yelled back. We yelled together, our last shared

tighter around me. The gas company shut off the heat over my mouth. There are sores there now. I look around the

and jeans and stained t-shirts are dozens of slips of That one says Wondrous Stories Unlimited. Some are big.

but most are photocopies. They are all form letters. 1 for submitting to Delta Strife Tales. We're sorry, but we felt our magazine. Thank you for submitting and good luck placing thick and bitter, like the pot of coffee I've been nursing included an SASE, since I won't be here to receive the of me: 14 floors.
