She ignored the of the pati dwindled, , then almost disa; ler proxy. Buffeted by the to no avail. There se. pathogens were sim,

of searching, she gave asi Nn XCruci: back downstream to the secretion hode to atte Mpt diagnostics with the help of the ship’s brain, ___She found it there, The node itself was infected Antigens Continued attaching themselves to Meroit. She hurried her ¢xamination, hoting unusual lacerations that didn’t Seem a likely result of an infection. She needed to be quick since the body she inhabited was very delicate—a mere hint of human form, little more than a bundle of nerves sketching the trace ofa tiny-brained body. She could be damaged easily. If she remained in the bloodstream for too long, the antigens could degrade her spinal cord and the proxy body would die. Then, she’d have to be reinitiated again, losing more of her own memories, more of -27- the memories of Celtiberian. She feared that the ship might also die. Or, in making it home, she would suffer so much brain damage that she wouldn’t remember any of the experiences they'd shared. She wondered what had caused her to go through the reinitiation before. Something to do with the infection? The infection was deeply entrenched, cating away portions of the secretion organ. This was a serious problem, and probably the reason she was being sieged by antigens—her own proxy body had been secreted by the infected organ! Such a situation was intolerable, and she struggled to clean the invagination that housed the pathogens. Slowly at first, Meroit pulled loose cheeselike globules of bacteria, but the infection was deeper than she could reach, She dug with her clawlike spicules. Meroit felt a trembling in her proxy muscles. She would have to clean the site thoroughly. Otherwise, ~~ yoekie* be to secrete any more proxy bodies to examine future infections pipes or ie problems that could threaten the life of the ship and destroy the information contained therein. The antibodies attacked the infection as well as the proxy, not differentiating the one from the other as she tried to help oon ne she could not work efficiently, and she began lashing t at the infection with sinewy limbs and sharp spicules. She sehen and in her panic, she inflicted minor lacerations on the p# Mie eared to break little pieces from the vessel walls, Ses into little pieces herself. Then, she stopped. She
