caviling his limp body back onto the slope again, on jookout for any rash shortcut, I hoped, ee light outside, | insisted, would do him good. le shielded his cyes with his hands, cursing his lost _anglasses 85 though they would make everything copasetic ag the visor in every direction then, out of futilit He bent gainst the ceiling and covered his eyes. Isc 4 dita anned ce ‘and mailboxes and street signs as they A the tree" jashed away from Us. [can sec hot red light through the skin and bone of my ants” Wallbacher said. “Why haven't you tinted these damn windows?” [pushed my Neil young After the Goldrush cassette in the tape deck, knowing that good music can alleviate any blight in perspective. This one had smoothed over several ruffled feathers before. Some of the tape was twisted like a tongue from its excessive wound licking. I pulled into Huntington Bank, figuring the best thing todo would be going about my business. Wallbacher moaned like a sick dog next to me, hanging his star bedazzled head out the window. It was Saturday and I was feeling the brief security of still having yesterday’s paycheck in my possession. I scribbled my account number on the back of an old envelope and signed it, then crammed my paycheck, the envelope, and my driver’s license into the capsule and launched it to a dark haired girl who had her head bent over some deposit slips. She looked up and reached for the capsule. Wallbacher moaned next to me. “She's beautiful,” he said. Indeed, she Was, an iridescent sleck flag of black hair, a sharp, aquiline a and her smile as seducing as hot breath on your car s. She spoke into a microphone, which sounded a muffled Squawk. soto, how...” Wallbacher leaned over me and clasped s Sweaty hand over my mouth. His other hand was factored way too far up my thigh. ; if Good morning,” he said. “We have another transaction You'd please send back the capsule,” he said. am was muffled under his hand until | chopped at “Wha 8 and he withdrew it. ; tare you talking about, another transaction 7" L said.
