woman who has both her kids jumbled in her cart with the groceries. I clock in next to Lisa at the first checkout She listlessly swipes brownie mix and cereal boxes with wild cartoon characters on them and the register clicks and beeps. Her phone is holstered to her hip and flashes with messages She leers at me over her shoulder. “In a future age everyone will use the self checkout and I'll stand here reading the tabloids and chewing gum,” she says. An older woman stands in front of Lisa wearing a plastic sheath over her rollers and she rustles through her purse in search of missing coupons. Two frazzled Johnny Rottens goof in line at the Ticket Master counter, their hair greasy and unkempt. [ block their view of Lisa’s butt and they crane their necks side to side in frustration. “Wasn’t that creepy last night?” Lisa says, tearing away a long roll of receipt and hands it to the lady in rollers. “{ felt for him, for the crazy life that pushed him into a dumpster.” She turns to me and smiles and I feel the warmth of it wriggle through my body. “He was just lazy. A bum, really. He could be bagging groceries at least, I mean the cop . . . ,” she said. “What about the cop?” “Nothing.” “No, really?” Her smile crumbles into a sad grin. “He’s a frequent shopper. Spends most of his time at the “92- bakery,” she blows a bubble until it pops and leaves me in the wafted fruity scent of her hair when she spins around and places a plastic bar on the conveyer to separate groceries. I peck over a rack of potato bread and buns. Those pensive eyes are fluttering and Marie smiles and laughs. The cop leans over a glass case of glazed donuts and cookies. He holds a Styrofoam cup of Vi coffee in his hand and occasionally slaps the \y countertop enthusiastically with his other hand as 4 though he was slapping a buddy’s shoulder. Voices and codes gurgle over his wave radio. Sometimes he holds a hand up to halt her and turns the volume knob for an instant. He grabs her hand, dusty with flour, and gently strokes it with his thumb. Then he shakes his head and she laughs and licks her lips, keeping them moist as blueberry muffins. I walk up to the counter. The cop composes a serious manner like I’m some urgency transmitting over the radio. He nods at me as you would any old acquaintance. Marie nervously handles the introductions. The cop tries to fracture my hand when he shakes it. Bastard, | think and force a grim smile. We make weak attempts at small talk with Marie acting as interpreter. My heart shakes at the bars of its cage. The cop entwines his thumbs in his belt, a thumbprint flour on his black pants, Phil finds me and instructs me to the stock room. I shy away. “Gotta go,” I say, “there are pyramids to construct.” My voice cracks. Neither of them laughs.
