was doing damage to the ship. And the damage was identical to the lacerations she’d noticed earlier. Meroit had trouble connecting thoughts in this temporary body as its nervous system deteriorated under the siege by the ship’s immune defenses, but a thought was there. What had caused the older lacerations?

She darted for the nervous interface on the secretion organ. She had to get bac k into ship’s brain. She couldn't let these memories be lost when she was reinitiated. She couldn't let herself go through memory sleep again. She'd done this before, she thought. She’d been here and fought this fight. How many times? The memory damage was extensive. She must be stuck ina cycle of rebirth, fighting, rebirth. How long had this infection been here? How many times had she fought it?

For the first time, she considered her own survival apart from the survival of the ship, the completion of the mission. Her proxy body was coming apart, and she flailed, trying to connect to the interface. If she didn’t, she would repeat this over and over, degrading further each time. Then, she would be dead and so -28- would the memories of Manchu, Jurchen, Ol Cemet...and Celtiberian. She felt she had to protect those memories, though she did not know why.

The nerves were badly damaged, but she could still access the ship’s brain. She calculated that the ship would succumb to infection long before it reached the home systems. If she stayed out here to fight, the ship might make it. But she would not, It was selfish even to consider her own survival when the mission was at stake, and so close to completion. She was charged with bringing the news of Earth back to humanity. She was not charged with bringing back her own memories. There was no need for the survival of her affinity...her love—for Celtiberian. She had to communicate the location of Earth so that humanity could find what it had lost.

She accessed the ship’s memory. The vast landscape of human history which Celtiberian had found so fascinating had been gone since the stroke, the worst in a series that continued to erase little patches of ship’s memory even now, since he and the other pilots had been killed, since Meroit had been left alone. Now, what little
