hurried behind his d lesk and snatched v n right here Yes, sit. ap his intercom. “Yes sir, yes, yes, mm-hmm. Yes, Jown. Hatred smolder Thave hitr red in his Toby set the receiver ¢ “That was the director of the eyes. He looked at Timothy. “We've drawn his attent ion. [had hoped complex,” he said. this, had prayed this little situation it would not come to to a higher level. But could be remedied without moving such is not the case.” Mr. Hobble shook his head. “The director wishe y sh ; es to see you, Tim Sweat squeezed fr ‘om Timothy's brow. His eyes moved sideways and up. He grimaced, e grimaced smiled, frowned, and pouted simultaneously. He expressed a year of emotion. He would have begged for another chance had he a voice with which to speak. He would have groveled at their feet had he been capable of physical movement. But as it was he could do nothing except remain perfectly still and hope this was just and extension of his dreaming Mr. Toby and Mr. Hobble escorted him into the director's office. The director gave no indication of recognizing their presence. He kept his eyes focused on a single yellow light bulb burning on his desk. One could tell he was highly agitated or maybe the furrowed brow, flared nostrils and deep frown were part his natural expression. His fingers flittered near his mouth and pinched his nose repeatedly. 6- “This is him, huh?” He spoke, still focused intently on the light bulb. “I saw the flickers, yes, I saw them, both of them. Two flickers in one day, within two hours of one another! Contemptible. I thought my heart would stop. Oh, and it did stop on that second flicker. Thought you could get away with it I imagine. Thought you'd just let the lights go Out. What a low, sneaky, contemptible little man you are. We've already got someone to replace you. That was easy. You are not needed here. | just wanted to see you for myself. Let you know that you didn’t get away with it. No one gets away with inharmonious behavior, No one! “Now, out with you. Throw him out! He'll never work ina complex again!” With a kick in the butt, Timoth 4 ly was booted oy doors of the complex, out into the open air, Re iol and out of a way of life, Nothing was left to him, Th complex had housed him, fed him, washed his feet iheee his fingernails clean. Now he was alone. By ih ouch him, He gazed fearfully He tumed and looked awhile at the tall buildings behind ly at th ae the organic world, he clear open sky, disoriented by He walked away, 'y- Hours passe, How could this be? he thou ¢
