to I imagined the very details of this scene. Wallbacher watching 4 backwards, these burly guys, college sport ha wearing Abercrombie vests, passed his date around and cach took a turn at her from behind. “They saved her life,” Wallbacher said sorrowfully. feet “Well, shit, that’s good to hear,” I said.

“Oh yes, quite good.” He stood up and wet a rag in the oceans sink and hunkered over the coffee table to clean the spilt that droplets of bloody wine. their “What's the damned problem then?”

Wallbacher separated his thumb and forefinger an inch. hand as this close to making a genuine connection.” else, Everything had gone perfect up until that point, he said. or He had acted as a true gentlemen, holding doors, helping her ten into his Suburban, listening intently to her conversation, machine full with puzzling medical terms, and thoughtfully replying see if to show he was interested in what she said. their Wallbacher said everything was leading up to that

moment, and once shared, there would have been insatiable them as desires to be around each other, ever long moments waiting an for phone calls, at least three months of incredible kindness his and sweet sincerity. He “That was the last time she ever looked at me,” he said. drunken “She choked,” I said. like “Yes, she choked. Then insisted on buying the guys a

drink and they encircled her at the table. She smiled at them, the and every time I opened my mouth to speak, somebody named stole the opportunity, talking inancly about some party, glued lodging peas in my throat, damnit. Eventually the jackals didn’t dragged her off to a kegger,” Wallbacher said softly, hushed defeated by the painful remembrance. “They stuck me with the tab, charcoal all $85 of it, and walked over me and out into the night. The soft beautiful Mya was taken into the hills by a bunch of savages. to I retreated home with the Cabernet Sauvignon, and well, forked you know the rest.” moment

I hoped taking Wallbacher out into public would be like his dragging Proust out of seclusion and sicking him on every meeting curvaceous woman in sight, or unleashing the Marquis de eggs, a Sade into the fermenting hallways of an all girl's high school. wounded But it wasn’t. He was a man who came within reach of the top of the mountain, but only to have the rock he held of her loosen and he fell to the jagged bottom. With much prodding sauce, He and forced encouragement, I would have to set the training her. He wheels back on his bike and guide him along the cracked fire sidewalks of his frail confidence. : reddened, ‘And I would do it. Wallbacher and I de-pantsed our sixth but as it grade camp counselor, we hit spiraling fly balls behind our elementary school during summer vacations and we wore Mya’s birthday hats strapped to our chins at each other's parties. History is too valuable to scrap over heart struck but disillusionment. 1 would see him through it and | imagine he'd do the same. By the end of the night, when all the her legs clowns huddle in groups at cacophonous bars, Wallbacher couple of
