vy his binder again, holding up the page with its empty sleeve. “Come on guys, just give it back. Who took ga “Eat me you little dickwad,” Drew said. “| don’t your shitty card. You probably lost it in your fat ~ Tom and Robby cracked up despite the fact that Y bork weighed a good forty pounds more than Nathan dig Drew weighed more than either of them. and Nathan’s cheeks flushed and he pushed his black away from his glasses. He stared in silence for a few mij card, do you?” y before turning back to Brad. “Hey man, you don’t have m, Brad avoided his gaze again, trying to find anything else to look at. “No dude, why would I want a Sabo card? | don’t even like the Reds.” “But you were just looking at it a minute ago. Are you sure you didn’t take it by accident?” Brad shook his head. His face looked a little green at this point. He pressed his clammy palms against the green vinyl seat and tried to find anything to look at other than the horde of faces staring at him. Wendy caught his eye and for a moment he didn’t tum away. He had noticed her, of course, all the kids were talking about the new girl. She was a year older than him, a freshman in high school, and she was pretty ina plain sort of way. She wore wire rim glasses and had long, straight hair. It was auburn and matched her inquisitive eyes. Brad chewed his lip and looked again at the stalks of corn. “Yeah buttnugget, lay off him,” said Drew. “Screw your card, go find another one. Maybe your rich bitch mom will buy you twenty packs. She should have an extra fifty cents after last night!” Tom and Robbie hurled themselves against the seats laughing. Nathan climbed out of his seat. He took a step towards Drew, clenching and unclenching his fists. “Bring it pussy, I’ll kick your sorry ass.” Nathan took another step forward and Drew stood up in the aisle. Brad looked up at them, then looked again at Wendy Mulligan. Her head was cocked to the side as if to ask him, Why don t you do something? A little shiver passed through him; he wasn’t sure whether it was fear or excitement. Brad stood up in between them, swaying between the seats even though the bus was stationary. Sweat flowed down his face, and he opened and closed his mouth a couple of times before reaching for his shirt pocket. His eyes flicked to Wendy before meeting Nathan’s. He pulled out the baseball card, still uncreased, and held it out before him “[’m—I'm sorry. I guess I really wanted it or 2 Here, take it back.” Nathan looked at him puzzled and took the card from his outstretched hand. He started to say something but Us fell silent. He went back to his seat and slid the card cael into its sleeve. Then he turned around in his seat aga!" gave Drew the finger. Drew pretended not to notice bee at that point Sheila climbed back on the bus.
