run, @ cluster two or three others. They could keep each other free of pte cay 7m eman glitches and act as backups in case one or another died from external damage to the ship’s brain or became corrupted y searched through repeated reinitiation from backup selves. Now, having lost the three pilots who saw her into the world— productive and on some a fourth, Celtiberian—Meroit was alone with her

pore Jamage—internal The ship had passed through two spiral arms and a psychoses large portion of the galaxy’s core over the last several upon Ww hich thousand years. It had hosted some thirteen generations of limbs of her pilots and had visited hundreds of thousands of planets, the master collecting samples at cach. And it would have continued for nervous another thousand years but for the loss if its personality seconds seed—the subsystem that made new pilots—to the two of ship’s alien projectiles. It was Meroit’s responsibility, with the continued for communication systems down, to see the ship home and to deliver the amazing news that Earth had been found. She’d mind. It was be delivering more if it weren’t for the damaged memory. reinitiating a She had to be certain she’d make it intact without letting problems little glitches foul her course or her progress. Celtiberian The alarm went off again, and Meroit knew there must this extent. be an entrenched infection. She wondered where it had come been given from. Fighting the infection would be hastened by her memory loss, personal investigation and treatment, one of Celtiberian’s be corrected tricks. She wished she could access the memories lost when was seeing she had been restored, Though the pathogens were still at It may even low levels, she decided to flush the system again in hopes

that she could retard the progress of the infection enough to the ship get a clear view when she entered the bloodstream. levels of a Celtiberian had learned a technique to fool the ship into portion of secreting, rather than scabs or leukocytes, a sort of wait, Meroit humaniform vessel for carriage of a pilot into the blood. He

was always tinkering with things. He had an insatiable lust to be self- for trying new things. It never made sense to her, but he to storing seemed to think it should. Celtiberian had taken her into the though, much bloodstream once for no reason at all. He’d shown her how the alien to secrete a proxy body that could explore the inner workings by radiation of the ship’s body. She didn’t understand what she might

which gain by exploring the ship outside of the brain where she caused several lived. Celtiberian was extremely odd. She worried for him, and wiping but she supposed that such anomalous personality traits nearly fatal were the inevitable result of spending so much time isolated manually these with the ship’s—humanity’s—memory. The things he must

trying to have seen. brain would She created a proxy body by directing the ship to secrete enough. a mass of muscle and sinew. The secreting organ was ships would conveniently near the damaged area; apparently, the damage sent out to had allowed the infection to take hold. dead from She did a quick calculation to determine how long the that the ship would last at the current rate of pathogen production. one ofthe Making antibodies was costly, and an already-injured ship long ago. _ didn’t have the resources to keep up the fight, The only dropped, and way to survive would be for Meroit to help the ship fight. was the last Even then, it was a long way home, She was thankful for along with Celtiberian’s idiosyncrasies,
