anyone accessed my account: Pervert, conduct business quickly, do not make eye contact “What did you write?” I asked Wallbacher as we drove away “Nothing. Forget about it.” He slinked back into the seat and closed his eyes, seeking some dark retreat from another rejection. | imagined he wanted to recoil and start collecting bomb material and write manifestos against the government. Aren't all madmen, from Kacienzki to Bin Laden, just heart broken and insecure? By this time it was obvious that the doctor needed help from another expert. I kept the car running, parked in the fire lane in front of Kroger’s and | called Sam. It was great hearing her soft and raspy voice. I was sweet with her, garnering a further appreciation for her in light of the sad episodes of Wallbacher. I spoke to her in baby talk and sang into the receiver for a moment. Then I told her that I needed her help. She and a friend would meet us at a bar on the Ohio State University campus at 10:30 p.m. I expressed the urgency by which her friend must help sweep up the fragments of Wallbacher and put them back together. I found myself punching Wallbacher on the arm a lot that day. Any suggestion of pessimism and he got one in the slope between his shoulder and triceps, right on the bone. Being in our twenties, 1/f would warrant, posed an obstacle to the dating scene. -32- Hell, hard as it was to believe, the frequency of fo

embroidered wedding invitations was a bit frightening and weighed heavy on our social purpose. Working and dating was a difficult balance that many struggled with, but hell, why not take Wallbacher to the place where it was easy to score. Campus. The experiments of youth, away from home and living it up hard, were usually good opportunities to reap. This was where some kids dropped their guard to pot, mushrooms, blotter acid, or homosexual experiments. If they would be crazy enough to try these corrosives, surely they’d warm up to the woo of crazy Wallbacher. I had spent most of my Saturday negating Wallbacher’s dreadful arguments when I could have stayed in bed all day, ala John and Yoko, singing sweet music to my beloved Sam. But Wallbacher would have slipped further into the spiraling madness. These cases must be caught early before anything rash happens. I let him beat me in three games of chess, gradually building his confidence back up for the games to be had on campus.

That night I decided to drink coffee to keep tabs on Wallbacher because the potential of drunken catharsis seemed imminent and I meant to keep it in check. It was Folgers, the sludge that normally sat undisturbed on the burner for the designated drivers of a far off imaginary land. Here we careened off curbs and left mailboxes in shattered chunks. I
