rc.

store’s gravel lot spread rough-ed ged across the y road; wie ae and new, it ca 1 there was. On the other side of the 5 ght what little sunligh the lot for the Rough Rider Saloon. Py . the saloon side, there were a few dusty cars but the big, green general store only had Mrs, Stieger’s Tusty Buick. “Young lady, where is your grandfather?” Mrs. Stieger’s son, Oscar scowled at Claire as he tugged a jangling set of keys out of his back pocket. “He sent me down to order some ozokerite § and get some things.” ; “Well, you'll have to wait until tomorrow. My mother will have to do any ordering.” “Can't [at least...” “No lip now, girl. I’m closing up. Tell . Ulysses that he shouldn’t let you run around ‘on your own these days. Town’s becoming amadhouse.” Oscar latched the glass doors together and flipped through the keys until he found the one with the Buick logo. He seemed surprised # when he looked up and Claire was still standing in the parking lot. He deepened the frown lines around his f mouth for a while, then his KX expression melted and R smoothed. “Here now, why.) don’t I give you a ride home A\ honey?” Oscar had Claire climb in the backseat because he had to pick up the reverend on the way. They went along 4) way up the hill before coming onalittle f\J) shack in the woods. It was starting to sa darken and firelight glowed in the single window. Shadows were tossed across the walls. Oscar honked his horn to get their attention. Reverend Woods backed out the door after a time, clasping the hands ofanold | lady, and alternating his head between a bow and a back- and-forth swing, as if trying to duck away and express deep

condolences at the same time. When he got in the car, the two men conversed as thoug! Claire wasn’t sitting in the backseat. Oscar was grim, bul the reverend, always animated, made light of the situation apparently, the del Mar boy shot up the saloon this pens and then tumed the gun on himself. Popped hisself li re Coke bottle, said the reverend as he flicked @ thumb in cheek to illustrate the sound. “Leave it to a Methodist to ruin a good bar fight Reverend Woods waved a hand over his head. “Now take Ulysses McCabe, there’s a fightin’ man.. v
