ke early that morning, pulled on his jeans, and

ge to borrow the ATV. He attached the
He saw

Morgan awe

nuck over £0 the gai
sn

Jer and rattled along the dirt path in the woods.
crailer ans

es jurting OUT from the prair

d it by its antler and hefted its upper

ie grass. The deer was covered

hoov

in flies. Morgan grabbe

body into the trailer. He then hoisted its lower section in and

rubbed his fingers along the Chinese lettering, Its tongue still
drooped out of its mouth.

Morgan stopped at the top of a hill. Down below, a group of
cred in front of the lodge. The fire raged far

firefighters gath
closely and saw Dakota running

behind them. He squinted
around and barking. Then there was Gus pointing a shotgun at
the firefighters.

Morgan drove down the hill and beeped the horn on

he ATV. He saw the men turn their faces in his
direction. He stopped in between Gus and
the firefighters. Gus didn't lower his
shotgun. He kept it pointed at the
Captain's chest.

“Move, Morgan,” Gus said. He
stared at the Captain, Fire danced in
his eyes.

“What are you going to do, Gus?”

“I'm going to kill this man. Step
aside.”

“Wait a second. I think I can explain
what's been going on around here. Well,
I'll do my best, anyway.” SS

The Captain swallowed, Adam's apple
lurching in his throat. Eddic stood beside him, his
legs shaking. Two other firefighters with lunch pails stood
sull.

“Things were so much better before you all came along,” Gus
said.

“It’s the drowned Chinese man. He cursed this place, maybe
even started the fire.”

Everyone gave Morgan a queer look, except for Gus, who
stared down the Captain.

“I know it's kind of strange. But look here.” Morgan grabbed
the deer by its only antler and held up its head. “This deer here,
it has a word tattooed on its head in Chinese.” He looked
around at the men,

“And the drowned Chinese man had the same kind of lettering
on his clothes. Plus, he wore a deer antler as a necklace. That's
ot a coincidence, boys.”

Morgan bent down to lug out the deer. “What it means is
that this place...”

The Captain stepped forward to help Morgan with the deer
and Gus shot him in the guts. Morgan flinched and hit his head

i y ced
on the trailer, Eddie quaked and pissed his pants. Morgan lookex

firefighters’
The

up and saw Reba bawling in the window, The two

lunch pails dangled on their pinkies, almost dropping.
» into the sky. A plane flew

Captain gurgled blood and stared ug
he underside of it dark and

overhead, The Captain stared at it, t
shadowy, and by the time it passed over the woods and spewed
water, he was dead. Gus stared at the plane. Morgan w

what he might be thinking. But while transfixed on the plane,
h his lunch pail.

at his head

ondered

one of two firefighters hit Gus in the face wit
The other disarmed him and pointed the shotgun
while Eddie ran inside and called the sheriff.
Morgan spent the next half hour on the beach with Dakota.
He watched the fires smolder across the lake. A family of ducks
floated by. Morgan picked blades of grass and
folded them. He plucked them, threw them
up into the air, and watched them spin to
the ground. A plane dove down towards
the lake, scooped water, and then flew

off across the lake and spilled it into
the curling folds of smoke.

While the sheriff loaded Gus into
the back of his Jeep, the firefighters
lifted their dead friend into one of
their trucks. Morgan walked up to

the Jeep with Dakota. He could see
the reflection of a plane flying away
from the fire in the window, and
behind the reflection Gus looked at
Morgan and then looked past him to the

fires and nodded. They drove away, up the gravel
road, with Dakota yapping and racing beside them.

Morgan drove the ATV down to the shoreline, He dragged
the dead deer out of the trailer and waded out into the water
with it. The water was cold and smelled of dead fish. Morgan
let the cold-water fill the deer’s cavity and then he pushed it out
and away from him, watching it sink, the antler like the mast of
a sinking vessel, Morgan watched the folds of smoke rise off the
woods across the lake and he wished for rain—to suffocate the
fires and flood the lake again, so all the things sunk on the

bottom wouldn't resurface.

i)
v
os
a
