ho FA. ins

drunk when he tried to punch him.

Morgan stepped into the lodge and look

Eddie hitting the top of it, laughing,

Hie 2
shook his head and looked down into the ice of his drink
Across the small bar Reba leaned under a stuffed otter
She wore a flannel shirt and tight blue jeans. The

soa button of her shirt was undone and
when she bent forward there was

room to glimpse at the shapes ®
contained within. The Captain
said something and pointed at
Eddie, and Reba laughed, her face
blooming red. Morgan couldn't help
looking over the curves the jeans
molded to. He felt the warm beginning
sensation of an erection. There were
times when Reba did things to Morgan
in his mind.

A glow of orange and ycllow light
reflected in the through the lodge
windows.

Morgan walked up to the bar where .
od. SW
Sheslapped the Caprain on the shoulder and wiped
a tear with the underside of her pinkie. Eddie looked
frustrated, but his brows arched when he saw Morgan approach.

“Pour Morgan one,” Eddic said to Reba. “Morgan, you gotta
hear this.”

“I'm all right,” Morgan said looking at Eddie’s mustache and

difty face. “I'm actually pretty tired and thinking about getting

Eddie was on the defensive and Reba laugt

some sleep.”

“Come on Morgan, catch up,” Reba said.

Morgan reached for the glass and his hand grazed Reba's. His
rection flexed against his jeans. He sniffed the glass. It was
strong, but because Reba looked at him and the depth of her
brown eyes seemed to make excuses for him, he took a big gulp
and held in the burning cough.

"Check this out, Morgan. You won't believe what came from
the lake today,” Eddie said.

“Dont worry, Morg. We got official word that Nessy was
D.O.A. so Edward here didn't have to try and save " the
Capnain said. He poked his finger into Eddie's chest then let
ut this big hce-haw sort of southern laugh that hurt Morgan's

Reba and t

ue Captain exchanged glances. Morgan pivoted
away fre . ‘s aire
y from them on his stool and looked at the empty area of
wood paneling 4 empty
Paneling that was a waiting home for the future mount.

He thouehr fe j
te the ughe about the deformity of his kill. It puzzled him what
would have taker

nantler, taken a part of something that took
so much time to grow and develop. He didn't know how to
justify it. For meat, he thought. Bur it didn't seem
right.
“Morgan. You with us man?” Eddie
asked
“Were you dreaming,
Morgan? You were dreaming.
What of?” Reba asked.
“I was just thinking. Not
dreaming. My mind was wandering,
that's all,” Morgan said.
\ *Oh, I'm remembering a dream I had
‘Y Mast tight,” Reba said pressing her fingers
ALS: Sig her temples with her eyes closed.
She tried to make sense of her dreams.
She tapped her temples, looking for
details. She leaned her head back and
her shirt tightened against her breasts.
Morgan imagined doing things to them
¢ in his mind, Hehad never touched them
before. Eddie stared. The Captain brought out a
smoke, then looked over at Morgan, glanced at Reba,
and smiled as he lit the cigarette.
Eddie seemed to sip his drink in frustration. He looked
bothered by Reba interrupting his story.
“Qh, oh,” Reba said quickly as if it was coming to her. “It’s
a roof of one of the cabins. And I'm in my

night time, I'm on

blue nightgown staring at the moon. There are strange things

happening on the moon so far away. I can't tell what it is but
somehow in my

Eddie snorted and rolled his ¢}
¢ in the chest with the back of his hand.

mind I know it’s not right.”
Reba kept hers close. The

s.

Captain chopped Eddi
Morgan adjusted on the stool, trying to find a comfortable

position.

“Yes, and, oh,
of of a cabin but the cabit

look down from the moon a

r, irseems to cover just ab
cops of trees and the moon. Then

Dakota, but I look around
But there's barking. Next

” Reba continued, “the strange thing is that I'm

the ro » is somehow moving back
on th

and forth.

in so much wate!
can only sce the
ge. Its sounds like

nd this cabin is floating
out everything. I look

around and
[ hear a dog barkin

: eit’ ing from.
dean'tsce where ts coming tr

an

ben crites
