get a couple cartons of

ke sure you SH
.and ma to pull off of an

rertes 50:5 4 tending
; for us, she says, pre te f
ciga rtes

invisible cigarette.

ve seen her,” I say looking
»yen months since I've seen her,” I say g
“Jr's almost seve

he soggy corn, and I think about her saying for
: be SORE

eg ae are a family expense, even though I don’t
ioke that fogs the family

up : :
us’ like Aas I breath in her sm
smoke directly. But} Dis PE hows.
room when we watch fuzzy game she ‘
the waves of static crackle on our blac
and white television. Yet another artifact
wrapped in foil. Thus we receive three
scrambled stations.

But the television is missing. So my
mother hasn't had much to do but
rummage through every closet, shelf and
drawer, to remove the clutter. This
morning it’s the fridge she scavenges,
ignoring everything I say.

“Why don’t you just call her first?” I
ask. “At least I won't startle her that way.”

“And we're going to need a lot of
canned food. Vegetables, pasta, fruit,” she
says. She stands up and puts her hand
on her forehead like she’s checking fora
fever, then takes a deep wheezing breath
and her head disappears again behind
the freezer door.

“Call her. Call Mrs. Dawson, Mom,” I
say as I stir the corn bits.

She pops her head up from behind the door to the

freezer again. “Honey, the phones are dead. Silly. Had
you forgotten?” She seems tense, a smoker without
cigarettes, and I wonder if maybe she has her head in
the freezer to cool off.

| did forget, for one reason or another, about the storm

that uprooted trees over and filled our yard with puddles,
This was a day ago, early morning. Sometimes it’s hard not
to feel like I've been forgotten, left alone on a deserted island,
scanning the horizon for search planes.

I'm nineteen years old but can’t prove it. I drive but don’t

havea license. The on ly identification I have isa library card
to a library that burnt down more than a year

4 ago. The news said it had something to do

with skinheads. Anyway, I couldn't use the

library much toward the end of its days. We

live twenty-six miles from town and I didn’t

drive often. My late fees made things hard and
they wouldn't let me check out any more books,

I see small
purple veins
forking in
different
directions
like little
rivulets on
her plump,
pale legs.

“The storm, Honey. The phone lines are stil] down,» 4
mother says and grabs a bag of frozen eae of the freer
She bangs it against the coun tere ms ae them and
drapes it around her neck. She leans over the Counter
and scribbles down some more items on an envelope.

My mother says her car is broken and in the shop be;
repaired. It’s been there for weeks, in a small town shop
where business is slow. I assume she’s sold
it. That and the television, too. Or, she
does have money, enough for SrOceries
and it’s inside the sealed envelope
addressed to Solomon she’s writing the
grocery list on. Right there, one the table

Solomon isa large black man, bulky like
a bear. He’s bald and has a manicured
beard. He also has this giant’s chest with
hairs that curl and spread down to his
paunch. I saw it heaving out of his robe,
morning and night, standing on the
slanted floor of our small kitchen in front
of the sink, drinking glass after glass of
discolored water in these huge Hawaiian
shorts. Then he'd disappear back into my
mother’s bedroom and close the door.

We didn’t talk much. Maybe during
those silent moments in the kitchen we
shared a greater understanding of why we
didn’t want to wake my mother and we

kept quiet to ensure we didn’t. He was friendly when he
was around. He said “Hello” and asked me how things
were and other mindless conversations like that. I didn’t
mind the guy, really. He seemed to make my mother
happy, on some level anyway. And he kept gas in the car
and brought home groceries from his store in town. And I

am supposed to go get groceries from him. Yet I haven't seen
him since we had a car anda television.

“I didn’t hear the storm. Was it bad? Did it hit cown hard?”

1 ask, resting my elbows on the table. I’m done with the
corn.

She rolls her head in a semi-circle, trying to loosen up her
neck. “Well, you can see the debris in the yard. You know, it
was kind of bad, I guess,” she says.

I pick up my bowl and head
for the sink with it and ask,
“What about in town?
Solomon tell you anything © |
about damage in town?” .

a |
