Deat Save-the-Kildans supporter,
ee The situation on Kilda has worsened.

in Save-the-Kildans. on
ship in Save olinguistics student and Save-

nembers Ey x
your f Neishar Srirolio, xen

i s time to renew
Jow is the time to re n Sav
ns tion on planet Kilda is

Here to tell you of the dire situa

the-Kildans volunteer:
history of a Kildan mother of eight, an

urs. With the thinning atmosphere of the planet, hab-depressurization
or, this was something new. The station’s floating bladder had
; this ent the lower dormitories hurling towards the

J any . stic
One morning vhile | was at wor ranscriDing the domestic
ne » as at f b

explosion shook me to my pseudo-ec
is not an uncommon occurrence. Howeve ‘
drogen line, setting off a chain reaction that s

ruptured a hy nae .
; Janet. All sixty billion occupants were killed. Slowly.

center of the p

J want to thank you personally for your support of my work W bee me pie she had the
opportunity to transcribe and record thousands of pages of Kildan ora 3 ra ure 4 ; his ric: h tome, one
value is held most highly above all others, It is the Kildan tradition of giving. Since efore Dissociation,
it has been the Kildan practice to help any person in need, be it a friend, family member, or stranger. |
know that you have it in your heart to share in this Kildan tradition and reach out a helping hand to our
fellow kith. Though their hearts are bigger than your head and. joined in a complex symbiotic relationship
‘with their lungs, liver, and kidneys, they are as one with the hearts of you and 1.

Now, more than ever, we need your support.

KefKeff
President, Save-the-Kildans Foundation
(A 336-C designated charity-type organization)

Make all checks payable to:

88-A Elliot Moffe Ave. NE (formerly Mestone Ave. NE)

Mohank Moffe City, Moffeland (formerly Fenf; ; f
<a y eland (formerly Fenfraq City, United Metanates)

Planet Moffe (formerly Planet Qorral)

Note: We sincerely regret your ineligibility
any further threats, ;

for our volunteer
Accusations of impropriety will no longe:

Program. It is requested that you do not issue
t be forwarded to Mr. Keff.
