“Ben Crites“<_%
Sts tag A

Morgan saw flames glisten in Guss cycs.
Gus, a stout, compulsively bearded man who ran the Missauga
Recreation Camp, watched all the birch and maple trees—so
thar wore the wounds of his hatchet from blazing paths

to fallen decr—cough up smoke into the pink skyline.

Morgan stood beside him, fighting off the webs of sleep by
rubbing his cyelids with his thumbs, The ATV sputtered behind
them. Gus limped through the moist sand of the receding
shoreline with his arms folded. A loon sang down the shore.
Gus, a man of few precise words, had withdrawn most of his
thoughts since the fire began.

Morgan didn’t know what started it. T he fires appeared one
morning out of the fog that fringed the opposite side of the lake
and now Morgan gazed in bleary wonder as he zipped up his
orange hunting vest.

The fire’s impact manifested in the declining water level, which
now exposed more mud and dried-up moss. Docks needed
little ladders like those in swimming pools to access the anchored
boats, The beach was a bone yard of driftwood, jagged rocks,
dead walleye and bass, everything brittle and pungent.

Morgan wanted to sleep and ignore the fires. He could float
inadream where things normally didn't make sense. But buzzing

engines of planes and helicopters, scooping water to douse the
fire kept Morgan awake through the night,

But his loyalty to Gus, Morgan could not dream that away.
To Gus, this wasn't the end of his Missauga.

Gus panned the shoreline. He lifted a bluegill up with his
boot and nodded at Morgan. Gus's foxhound, Dakota, sniffed
it.

"We'll get through this,” he said. Morgan yawned and nodded
back.

Morgan lived in a cabin rent free because of an old favor Gus
had promised Morgan's father. There was a hunting accident.
Morgan's father, at the time a customer, dragged Gus out of the
woods after his Remington rifle misfired and buricd a bullet in
his thigh. Cancer stole Morgan's father and the opportunity to
repay the favor,

Gus told Morgan things would change, that they would still
have a busy hunting season, all the while Gus's empire burned
to the ground behind him. The lingering smell of wood smoke
and dead fish always reminded him, but Morgan saw how Gus
tried to be hopeful, how he wanted to pretend it wasn't
happening.

Morgan loaded a bullet into the chamber of his rifle. He
would go into the woods opposite of the burning end of the
lake, and he would kill. He would do it because Gus asked him
to, because he couldn't tell him no.

Morgan bounced in the ATV as Gus navigated him to a tree
line of black pine and oaks; a productive hunting spot Gus had
