Greetings and salutations! Welcome to the third installment of the
reetings and sz :

liars’club. Things are progressing well, although we are all extrag

busy. Between writing, editing, and workshopping stories, and doin

floating
tdinarily

: l g layout,
artwork, marketing, and promotion for the magazine, we are left little time to

eat or sleep. ee
We have received a lot of positive feedback from our readers, and the

submissions have started to flow in, including interest from as far away as the
U.K. We encourage anyone interested in writing to submit a Piece of work.
While we cannot publish everything we read, we will certainly provide feedback
to anyone who requests it. While we are primarily interested in short fiction,
weare also willing to look at poetry, creative nonfiction, and artwork. Submit

This issue again features the fantastic artwork and illustration of Joe Bellomy,
highlighting an interesting array of stories. While we have no ir tention of
theme from issue to issue, this month’s stories seem to congeal together nicely.
Many of the stories contain the theme of discovery or uncover ing things, either
in the figurative sense of characters uncovering things about themselves, as in
Ben Crites’ “The Nature of Fireflies,” or in the very literal sense as in my own
story, “A Buried Mystery.”

The process of writing is one of constant uncovering and discovery. Both of
the stories I included in this issue were inspired by short stories I had recently
discovered, namely Jorge Luis Borges’ “A Secret Miracle” and J.G. Ballard’s
“The Drowned Giant.” This process of discovery and uncovering comes from
everywhere, inside and out, Part of the process of learning to be a writer is
being aware of the things you are uncovering daily,

So sit back in a comfortable place with good lighting, preferably a chair, you
wouldn't want to fall asleep in bed, although that’s always a nice place to read,
isntit? Make sure you have something to drink at hand. Abh, that’s nice, isn't
it? Now turn the page and uncover what we have wrought.

December 2002
