Holly had s penta |

ong day in the office
Paul w Ky 1¢ of Fice without a

adying himself for the evenin fight. S
ne fan BAL. Some
the famished couple would go We etm,

k to Harlem y
dish and Italian and Irish voices hile: ¢ arlem where Yid

spirits of the old countries, voic

break an i

j

i the air with the restk
es that complemented Moth t
vices Of the east. Holly would

anecdotes of rich foreigners w
secmed to make extraordinary demanc

Stein's cooking like the sy
im

press them with ,

ho always

is of the secretaric 5 OF,
on lucky days, to bestow upon them ludicrously lange tips in

7 8S r
exchange for everyday kindness

It was on one such occasion that Paul first he ard the name
Israel ben Muhammad. Holly normally paid scant attention
to changes of leadership in the company,
but the buy-out by an Arabian oil baron
precipitated an especially large shake-up
among the employees. “The stars portend
opportunity,” Mrs. Stein told her son know
ingly. Indeed, Holly ended up filling

wr
own supervisor's newly-vacant position as
lead executive secretary, handling the ap- \ J “mM
pointment books of ben Muhammad him l My S °
self.

She learned of her new boss's real estate
aspirations on the same day that the change
in Management for the East Central apart
ment buildings took effect. Notices were first posted to in-
form the residents on that very day. They were on all the
walls, and in all che mailboxes. They were given by hand to
every Occ upant sometimes more than once. The postings
shrouded

led parchment

the fine sheeny wallpaper with a quiltwork of

In order to keep the “criminal clement” at bay—some anu

ffitoism had taken place in the otherwise immacu-
late children’s daytime care facility—all residents were asked
to carry punch cards. In addition, for reasons that were poorly
explained, rent would be upped for certain occupants, Paul
and Holly would have to pay more than triple the normal
due.

The old landlord's chair and desk were replaced with a
velveteen paisley dos-a-dos, and a new door had been cut,
presumably into the adjoining suite. Paul defiantly pounded
on the door, though he knew he

wasn't cven supposed to be
in this office-cum-foyer. “Hey Mac, that area is off limits
now,” one of the janitors had explained to Paul, whose punch
card was already scuffed and bent from being tried in all the
newly-locked doors that metamorphosed the building into
the impregnable Egyptian tomb its locus trumeaux had al-

“The stars
portend
opportunity, ”

told her son
knowingly.

Phe janitor had diffused Paul's evident

ed his own card, as payback he said, for
mind if you De | won off last week's fight. “I wouldn't
Anyways ‘Slue Pye at new landlord a good right hook
» Slugeer.” But here he was pounding on the door

Instead of the land|

lord

As tat ;
chy electric voice, like those at the larger boxing
arenas warne "

d that un appointmented queries may result in

CES OF CVen te ‘is
or even termination of the lease, and Paul argued with it

mor " ° ‘ -
nentarily about the appropriateness of his visit until he

slipped the note under the do

OF. I he rent envclope came on
the 28th o

y month, and this one had contained in-
structions on how to contact the landlord
for a lease review. Why the lease needed
reviewing was second among Paul's con-

cerns, which were dominated by the dra-

conian restrictions on his options for an

appointment: “Anytime after 4pm on a

business day before this month's rent is

Del ar ;

“Mr. ben Muhammad will see you now.

The suite was air-conditioned—a luxury
even for such a fine apartment building.
The secretary directed Paul around the
corner to the landlord’s relaxation cham-

ber. The conversation did not go well. Paul

spoke, facing away from the landlord, who lounged in a
freestanding washbasin, smoking from a long meerschaum
pipe whose smoke did a better job keeping away the flies
than the peacock plume he switched them with. Ben
Muhammad sat quictly until Paul had exhausted his lexis in
a blubbering plea that touched on the wedding, elderly par-
ents, and the potential for injuries in his line of work.

“Please have a seat in the foyer while I consider your case,
Mz Stein.”

Paul did as he was asked to, but he found himself scratch-
ing the extravagant gold leafwork from one of the dos-a-dos's
arms, The repetitive motion calmed him.

“You will be billed for defacing the furniture. “ The
secretary's voice itched over the loudspeaker. “This fiancée
you mentioncd; she lives with you here, does she? In that
case, we will have to relocate one of you to the nearest vacant
apartment until after the wedding. You will, of course con-
the increased rates. If you are unwilling to com

tinue to pay ates
Jes of this building, you are encouraged move

ply with the ru

into any of the other East Central buildings, some of which

retain independent management. That will be all, Mr. Stein.

“Excuse me?

ht

g

i

nathan mckn

D-
