I'm looking down the stone chimney of this ya

I , 5 it Paws ica ng

Dakora is at the bottom on his hind a s, his fron pa

net the inside of the chimney looking up at me, ) :

ast wes s in the cabin,” the Captain said. “ Thar odd
That's not all, I hear a voice I dont recognize talking to
Dakota It's saying “What is it boy?’ And Dakota disappears
and I see the back of a mans head. He turns around, looks up

he chimney and it’s Gus, except he's clean shaven and looks to
the chimney and
- a lot younger. But I know it's Gus, she said with her eyes

b
still dosed. “I know it’s him somehow.

“Did he say anything?” the Captain asked, crunching out his
cigarette in an ashtray

No, just gave me a puzzled look like he didn’t recognize me,
alook youd ger, Then, I heard Dakota barking again

t's what I woke to. My window was open and Dakota

ca stra

and

was out barking at something. Probably chasing away raccoons

to our garbage.”

or whatever has been getting
Mo ¢ Captain look at her, squinting. He

seemed to pay close attention and Morgan thought maybe he

1 watched

made sense of the dream. Reba opened her eyes and looked
directly at the Captain, probably because he was the only one
that let her know someone was listening, Morgan thought. But


they shared a look of sorrow for a moment.

Let me tell Morgan what I saw today,” Eddie said,

“I don't know,” Reba said, putting her hands up in the air, “it

seemed so strange to me.” She was still talking about the
dream and ignored Eddie,

“Can you make any sense of it Morgan?” Reba asked.

Morgan wanted to say something intriguing. He wanted to
be somebody Reba found interesting.

“I don't know. Maybe the fire is going to go out, or maybe
God is going to bring on the floods to punish us. | heard that
was supposed to happen sometime,” he said.

Reba rested her elbows against the counter and looked down
at the floor. Morgan looked ar her cyes. She looked off somewhere
then sighed. Morgan, flustered, wanted to turn away and go to
his cabin and sleep.

“I just don't know what to make of it,” she said and unscrewed
the bottle of whiskey, She filled up all of their glasses then
leaned against che counter, supporting herself on her palms,

"Do you think the cabin was sinking?” the Captain asked
raising his eyebrows. Reba took a big gulp. She didn’t answer
the Captain but she looked at him sadly. Eddie was getting
drunk and impatient. Reba picked up her glass and kepr looking
at the Captain.

“You guys ready?” Eddie asked, still wanting to tell his story.

The Captain looked over at him. “Christ, Eddie,” he said,

“I'm going to go write the dream down, Maybe that dream

book from the library will help figure it out,” she said, She

bin and into her bedroom, Morgan Stared

walked across the ca
slked away, the erec

Captain and Eddie. They were Staring ar

tion painful against his jeans

at her as she we
he
He looked over at me

her, too.

‘Get this,” Eddie said. .
“Here it comes,” the Captain said resting his head on on

hand and smoking a cigarette with the other,

“I swear it happened. Ask Dan, he'll tell you,” Eddie a

turning to the Captain. Then he turned back to Morgan. *|

swear it happened.”
“What did, Eddie?” Morgan asked. He felt dizzy. Drinking

‘¢ something he was accustomed to.

fasn
at he other side of the lake. You know, the hor Side,

“I was ont
and 1 was making barricades with Dan. We were stacking up

big bags of sand, those heavy fucking things, trying to neutralize
the damned fires. Stop them from spreading.

“So we have this onc barricade stable and Dan comes over to
me to see what area we need to go to next. You know, | Bet to
carry the clipboard with the objectives and all.”

Morgan turned toward a window and stared at the distant
blaze wondering if putting out the fire was on the list. If they
put as much water on the fire as they did whiskey in their bellies
then maybe I wouldn't have to hear this drunk talk, Morgan
thought. He was less interested since Reba left.

“Morgan, you listening?” Eddie asked. “You dreaming again?”

“Yeah, sure.”

So I'm pointing out what needs to be done and one of the
small planes swoops over us. You know how loud those things

are, so we looked up. It starts dumping water. And then... you
ain't gonna believe this. Then . . . | tell you this happened. Then,
this corpse comes tumbling out with the rest of the water. It
was the strangest damned thing I ever seen. It looked like some
dummy or big puppet or something, and it was flipping in all
directions. So it lands right on the border and I’m looking at
Dan and he's looking at me. We don't know what the hell to
say.

“And what did you do Edward?” the Captain asked, his voice
muffled by the countertop,

“I told you already, I ran into the fire and dragged the body
out into the clearing where me and Dan are standing.”

“You went into the fire?” Morgan asked in disbelief.

“What was I supposed to do? I had my suit on. It was quick,”
Eddie said. “Dan's a medic. Heid been able to attend to me if
1 got hurr,”

“And what kind of patient did you bring Dan, Edward?” the
Captain asked.

“It was a drowned Chinese man.”

“You saved a dead guy?” Morgan asked.
