{ at mad \ ia

"He reflected that reality does not usually coincide with our
a nticipation of it, with a logic of his own he inferred that to
foresee a circumstantial detail is to prevent its happening.

Jorge Luis Borges, “The Secret Miracle”

A very old man sat by the window of his cottage one morning
4 grassy meadow. On a distant hill he
watched a broad-shouldered man and his boy hewing at a tree

and gazed out across th

with their axes. He counted each swing and a moment later the
chucking thud met his ears.

He lit a battered pipe and leaned back, thinking of the very
old trees, and how if no one came to cut them down, the
behemoths might juse keep growing forever. He felt a sorrow

for the trees and a likening to them. He knew that his own end
was coming soon and the thought of it mad

Ic his stomach churn
and twist itself into knots. In his youth

he was daring and
& death because he
ts and knees, never
erscen her in the liver Spots

foolhardy, as youth often are, never fearin,
had never felt her in the ache of his wris
heard her in his gravelly cough, nev
on his skin. Until he grew old,
The old man drew on the pipe and blew

out a delicate ting of
smoke. It hovered in the morning

sunlight, curling and Spreading

wider until a passing zephyr pulled it out the window. He
thought then of all he had learned in his life, reliving all the
trials and hardships in an effort to understand himself afterall
those years. He wanted just one maxim, one simple but profound
bit of knowledge that he could be content with as he wea
his grave. After a long time he spoke aloud, to no one in partiaulas
or perhaps to the birds. “When one anticipates an event, the
actual event is never as one imagines it.” Turning this gem ovet
and over in his mind, as a child rolls a bit of candy on het
tongue, he drifted into an uncasy sleep, if
He dreamed of a fire that swept across the hills and bur
up all the ancient trees in the forest, The heat was so inten

that he felt his own skin dry up and crack as he watched. 4
tried to run but his joints were knotted up, and looking +e
had become roots sunk into the loam!

. His arms were raised aloft, palms facing the sky as he fl
"HE Vicious flames li

he saw that his feer

ck at his ankles. The pain was excruciatings
