again. And you'll get a nice lecture on cost contro

Glenn reviewed the procedu res quickly but with no real front office.” =
. erest. He touched the ESC key and his monitor dimmed “You h =
1 : ? = ave toe 7 . —
tout. The cursor returned to the upper lefthand cornerofthe did thar tk © encode the brain sweep. The ones at school 3
out. ; blue dat themselves.” S
| screen and blinked a luminous blue. “New tel 5
se me or y ‘Newer models. T| altace te :
About that Time Larry awoke. “These night shifts are kill- turn the spirit 5 sol bose things can do everything but re- 3
i : 1
j Seat : . s
ing me,” he yawn®" Glenn took z ‘ ,
«]f you feel that bad go take a doze another drag from his smoke. “I wonder if
in the oven.” they'll ever be able to do that.”
5 Rie tari , ° “Eventually.”
“No I don't feel that bad,” he chuck- No th | k éventually,
led in l e a “How?”
os ad > .
Glenn took out a vitamin emake: soakin If I knew that I'd be an engi-
the last one in his pack. Ignoring the ma wet neer instead of just an operator.”
“There was an article about it i
$10,000 purchase coupon he tossed t . as an article about it in
’ y entae T 2
the pack in the minizap. corp AY OW uin a = Center Times,” Glenn said.
: = Saitniaa hey...”
He lit the cigarette and inhaled - ] S .
deeply, getting a slight rush as the pel ect y boring ae read that garbage?
nutritious smoke filled his lungs. ‘ : Not Sane to do around
a ° n dere ON Mmudsnilt.
Question. evening. se ee BetG 5
“Shoot.” s if to make a liar of him Larry's
- 5 ; LA monitor blinked and the
“What do you do if you can't find a ed and he ad ae
Vee : ra beacon sounded. “Ah, hell,” Larry
part of the victum? Say..-his leg 1S Mmuss-
4 aed moaned.
ing or something, “What is i”
“Depends on the part, Larry said. “The oven will take care “Let's see,” Larry tapped his keyboard. “Salisbury Park.
of any external limbs: hands, feet, arms, legs, blah blah blah. Whitney Street. Not the best part of town. One Daisy Baker
That’s all automated—didn’t they teach you this in tech has just bit the dust.”
school?” “Well?” 2B
“No. Mutilations weren't very popular then.” “Well whav”
“That shouldn't have mattered. You never know whenthe “Aren't you going to respond?”
customers will change their tastes.” “Noo...you're going to respond. Rule number two: Train-
“True, but] didn't write the training program. I just learned _ ces always get the crap work.”
what they taught me.” “Oh, got ya. Send the info to the van, will you?”
“It was like that when I went through,” Larry said. “Damn Larry punched his keyboard and repositioned his feet as
space-cases were running the school. We had this one in- Glenn slid on his jacket and left for the parking garage.
structor who was into asphyxiation jobs. Had us practicing
artificial respiration and CPR. Talk about disgusting, Those Glenn stepped out into the darkness asa crack of thunder
techniques went out with radical surgery.” echoed through the centers Pas lot. fe shook his head
, « od his chi limbed into the company van.
Glenn nodded. He'd heard the story before. “Okay, so the and rubbed his chin as he c ae pany :
oven will take care of external limbs. That's all in the B code He knewit. Every ume his apeartat aC Hae aa ee
right? What about internal organs?” just hoped he gould oo a spe! ae ana ees
“Internal 2 diffi Thougl houlddoa _ ing. Nothing like a soaking wet corpse P y
organs are no different. Though you sho ; 4
brain swee’ " > me 2 i oval,ac- boring evening. $i
ain sweep to erase the memory of the organs removals ; Th ie veen lights around the van began to glow as it lifted
cording to customer recall preference of course. Some people a ip midnight sky a
“4 : : : the ;
like to remember everything so they feel like they've gotten silently into &
their money's worth. After that the oven will take care 0 Are aa
everything else. If you don’t do the scan the customer could =
go into shock and die. Nota problem if you've gota signed aheg Mt looked down at the body of his dead wife. He as
waver, however. Ifthat happens you'll have to start all over i 4 the white nylon strangle rope that came with the s
Ifromthe dropped te
