ners. The cold air numbed

ng custol
»h-paying custo
: = | 5 » ands on
e ee a: masked in smoke Gus had be thha
B I 1¢ sun was a . va
Tei | and star d forward into the abysmal morning. }
- and stare for :
peneTy oped out and leaned the
c forgan stepped out 4
sapped at the tree line. Mors "
stor ped PAT
eifle against his shoulder,
srt can count on you when I need

ean,” Gus said. "I know!
ced at the treetops where the smoke

” He paused and glan
‘on, “Find us a hell of a buck.
d helicopters, and the loud

ro.
choked the horiz

Beyond the rushing planes anc

f thei » lake pan 3 ed into the
splashes of their descent on the lake, Morgan ambled int

sods with his rifle, His intention was to help Gus perf
monster buck might draw hunters to the
or so Gus

setuare

wo
a dying dream. A
lodge despite the spreading fire across the lake,
believed.

There were many animal tracks and scat piles, but none lead
him to a tree rub or matted down grass, anything that would
suggest a deer had been around. They're spooked, Morgan
thought, He reached out and broke branches, blazing his own
path back to the ATV. It was in that moment of reverie that
Morgan, out of the corner of his eyes, saw a deer about forty
yards away, slaloming the trunks of leafless trees.

Morgan raised his rifle, shoving the butt of it into his shoulder.
He flexed his pectoral muscle to steady it. The deer hustled by
blurred images of dark trees in the cross hairs of the riflescope.
It looked to be a trophy kill; maybe even a 12-point. Morgan
breathed deeply. When his arms settled, he squeezed the trigger
and smoke enveloped the image of the athletic animal sliding
across fallen, browned leaves.

After roughly 30-minutes Morgan found the deer on its side
in a pile of twigs and leaves. He kicked ir lightly in the ribs,
making sure it was dead, then, as he had seen Gus do many
times, he wedged his boot under the deer’s head and lifted it to
count the points on the rack. When he turned its head from the
leaves he found only a nub of an antler—a smooth white circle
of bone edged with dried red and black tissue. Ir looked too
smooth to havc been broken off. On top of its head was Chinese
lettering branded between the nub and the whole antler.

Morgan pulled a knife from his belt and cut the deer down its
chest to its belly. He pushed his hands into the cur, A wet
squishing sound belched as he pulled out the entrails with a
bandanna tied around his face to thwart the intrusive smell. He
felt by the deer he killed, which with one antler wouldn't make

a good mount. Bringing a freak deer back to Gus wouldn't
support that “everything's all right” facade he wore like a tacky
life preserver. Morgan tried convincing himself that Gus couldn't
really expect him to bring back a deer and he probably just
didn't want people brooding around the lodge all day.

Morgan stood up and put both hands on his lower back. He

stretched backward and yawned, staring at the distant fire

Morgan felt the paranoia thar

.o n the trees

4 “en the gaps ! . ~
bens alone in the woods. It’s the kind of paranoia a
ng 2 ~

se from bein ;
came ng to slecp by itself, urning all the dark objects

5 reli
| pets strugy ; ;
’ sto monsters. There was still a chance of

chile

its bedroom If
; k bear and Morgan wondered if leaving the

encountering @ blac
formed creature W
suddles of blood and guts where grubs and other unseen

ad, de as the thing to do, to leave it there
sad,

next to f

parasites could feast on It.

its hind legs, Morgan dragged it over
stones and dead wood, working his way back to

the path where Gus would pick him up. He thought Gus could
at least sell some of the meat to his customers; maybe make

Gripping the deer by

moss covered

some venison sausage for gift baskets. He stumbled over rusted
cans and corroded logs that broke apart, freeing ants and
centipedes. Dragging the deer cut a line through the debris of

fallen leaves, exposing fresh dirt dark as coffee grinds. He hoped
no one would draw attention to the missing antler. Gus would,
no doubt, but Morgan guessed the firemen at the lodge bar
flirting with Gus'’s wife, Reba, might rib him, especially if drinks
had been poured. In the course of two weeks Morgan becamea
younger brother to two firefighters. They rubbed his head,
messed up his hair, and teased him. Maybe they didn't know
that Gus asked him to bring back a deer to mount on the wall
by the fireplace, Morgan thought. Then again, Morgan knew
how Reba liked to talk and he also knew that it was hard not to
pay attention, to watch her breasts move in her shirt with each
deep breath and sigh.

The deer’s tongue dangled out of its mouth. It was dry and
curled like a shochorn. Morgan waited on Gus for several hours.
He watched airplanes scoop water from the lake. He heard the
echoes of shouting firefighters. He paced the path. He traced
his fingers along the Chinese writing on the deer’s head. The
they grew dark. Morgan decided to walk back to the main
odge.

The fire loomed in the slurred stories droning from sully
firemen, their faces masked with residue of pine smoke,
accentuating the white of their eyes.

The night before, Morgan bonded with some of the fireme?
who worked at the perimeter of the blaze to hinder its moveme™
One of them, a thick guy with a dark face and thin mustache
named Eddie, talked fast and was full of stories. Ix cook ™°
whiskey and waters to get the entertainment going.

Morgan remembered Eddie tell him a story about the othe
fireman, Kirk, the “Captain” as Eddie called him. Eddie
Morgan he and Kirk were at a bar in town and a man with #
bowling shirt got soused and cried about the divorce he ¥ »
Boing through. Eddie said the bartender tried to ignof it ¥
he and Kirk are muffling their laughter by pressing their ips
