Its, rusted buckets of paint, anda tool box, all covered
nied Ps Hells otis
= . is of spider web that have crisp, lifeless insects
with stranc ; :
rough it like Chr
strung throug) ay : a4 :
lempty the wagon and cuss at the damned spider webs as
empo e

I disentangle myself from them. I pile everything against the
disentang ahaemaril
wall and pull the rickety wagon to the old banana seat bike,

istmas lights.

the wagon's wheels squeaking along
the way.

I ride the bike down our dirt
driveway while pulling the wagon
until is wheels lock crooked and I
can’t correct itand the thing falls over
by the mailbox. I get off the bike
and kick the wagon, leaving a dent
in its side. I cuss and pace. My
mother stares at me from the front
window. I don’t know how much
she’s witnessed. I wonder if she feels
like she has any part of my tantrum,
if she feels like she provoked it. I turn
the wagon upright and pedal hard
to get away.

My crotch is soaked in sweat and
my wet underwear is chaffs my leg,
the beginning ofa rash. Beside me is
empty country, fields of prairie grass
that have lost their pigment, a light-
yellow mess of dying fields. On the
other side of the gravel road is a
stretch of woods. I stare off into the
openness of the sky, my eyes probing the horizons, while I
pedal to the rhythm of the squeaking wagon.

When I pull up Mrs. Dawson's drive, I notice there isn’t
any corn set out for the ducks at her little pond. There are
usually mounds of it. Only a few ducks remain. They float
on the surface of the pond and dip their heads down,

scavenging for some food at the bottom,
4 FP | pull the wagon up to the rotted, gray
- fence parallel to Mrs. Dawsons front

walkway. My legs are weak and
throbbing.

glass

I ring Mrs. Dawson's
doorbell four times, No answer,
I check the knob and it’s
unlocked. There’s a foul smell

inside, I hearaman anda woman

arguing in the back of the house.

I saw him,
morning and
night, standing
on the slanted
floor of our
small kitchen
in front of the
sink, drinking

glass of discol-
ored water...

I walk down a hallway lined with paintings of parrots and
into a small living room. There's a birdcage with its door, but
no sign of any bird in the house except for some feathers on
the floor. I see Mrs. Dawson's white head of hair tilting to
the side of a wheelchair she sits in. The chair has a contro]
panel on the right arm that looks motorized. In front of Mrs,

Dawson, a man and woman fight
on her colorT.V. I call Mrs. Dawson’s
name but she doesn’t answer. I call
again, louder, but still no answer. The
woman on the television cries and
tells man with his back to her she
loves him. Mrs. Dawson's mouth is
agape and her skin is almostan olive
color. Her chest slowly expands. |
nudge her cheek a few times with
my hand. She opens her eyes and
grabs this large hearing aid offaT.V.
tray beside her.

“Is Thomas here?” she asks. Her
body convulses when she speaks. Her
voice is small and coarse, as if she has
laryngitis.

“It’s me, Jack,” I say. She clenches
her lips together tightly and leans
her head forward. She raises. a shaking
hand covered with a few dark liver
spots to her right ear.

“Do you remember me?” Lask. “Pm
your neighbor, Jack,” I say, raising
my voice.

“Where’s my Thomas?”
“Who's Thomas?” J ask.

She reaches to the TV. tray again and grabs. framed picture.
In itis a woman wearing a red dress next toa man ina Navy
uniform, and between them, lower in the picture, isa young
man who looks to be in his twenties wearing a plaid shire. I'd
guess the picture is pretty old. She points to the boy in the
plaid shirt. He looks like a younger version of the man I saw
in her car with her around Christmas.

“He's so handsome,” she says.

On the television, the man starts walking away from the
woman but she grabs his shoulder and turns him around.
She cries and tells him she loves him, again, like it’s the only
thing she can say to make him stay with her.

Can I use your car? I need to run to the grocery for my
mother,” I say,

“Is Thomas with you?” she asks,

after
