“One moment Mr. Stein...Mr. oheerta says that
he will be claiming your fiancée as well.

ae it was ben Muhammad's voice this time. 24
cause of the problems you've caused here today, your <i
ancy has been terminated. The lease will be transferred to the
ae: of Miss Landis. She will stay here with me, where you
may trust that she will be in good hands. a

4 Just who in hell do you think you are? r

“Sir, please try to understand. She is mine. Since before you
were born, I’ve dwelt on that face. I realize
you love her, but I loved her first. You see,
when my father brought me to New York as
a boy, the beauty of American women as-
tounded me. But there was one in particu-
lar. Her name was Honey. The wife of Milt
Landis, her face caused my heart to weep. It
was the memory of that face which I fol-

of Milt and Honey Landis. She will be my
bride. Please leave the premises now. Do not
attempt to reenter your apartment.”

“That will be all Mr. Stein,” concluded
the secretary.

On the way out, Paul regretted not pro-
voking the guards who stood by to see that
he boarded the elevator to the lobby. As he
stepped out the front door, a voice sounded
from above.

“Hey, you're the sparrer. Pauler the Mauler, right?” An
overalled man squatted on the top rung of a ladder, holding
a pile of gold foil in one hand, and a jar of glue with a
paintbrush jutting from it in the other. He spoke with a
Scottish accent. “Do you live here?”

“Not anymore.”

“Too bad. I suppose you don’t like the management? Well,
alot of folks round here feel that way. I can’t say as I share the
opinion, though. If it weren't for Mr. Mohammed, I wouldn't
have a job. My family and me flew all the way from
Edinburgh, and Mr. ben Muhammad paid for the Zeppelin
tickets. He says he’s going to make these apartments into a
utopia. I feel like ’m working for the pharaoh himself.”

; Paul threw his body against the ladder, and picked up the
little man by the collar. Several onlookers fled, but one of
them—the janitor from Upstairs—swung a fist at the air,

Paul bloodied the artist’s nose and lips, dropped him and
boxed his ears; he would have killed the man if he hadn't

oy
wouldn t
mind if
ea, VOM OIe
that new
landlord a

good right
hook...”

eS .

seen the Tommie-gun-wielding guards appear. As he lefe the
chaotic scene he looked over his shoulder and the JaNito,

“Way to go slugger,” he said, only to be bear
shouted out. “Way to go pas eae ds.
and dragged off by a gang of security guar is “4

Another guard hollered, “Cut him off, he’s heading ACT Og;
al Holly were supposed to meet at the foot Of the
Empire State Building, but there was little chance ben
Muhammad would allow that to happen, so instead he
hopped a jittery trolley into Jewish I larlem. Ghetto faces
lined with cracks stared at Paul, like ancient Por.
tery sitting alongside a museum reproduction
designed to imitate the beauty of newness. Mr,
Stein’s tenement was infested with age, from the
ladies with pepper pot figures to the tall-hatted
Hassidic men who discussed Philosophy oye,
chess. Even the Irish boys who played stickbal]
out front seemed oddly wise for their age. Pay}
had grown up here, but he felt he had pam.
pered away his street wisdom. He no longer be.
longed.

“What should I do, mom?”

“Stay here with me. Holly will know where to
find you.”

It took Paul a few days to realize that his mother
was wrong. He had taken out his anger in the
boxing ring. He told his mother of the Micks
and Negroes he had beaten, no doubt winning
his fans more than a few dollars. He didn’tmen-
tion the Jewish boxer that would never again be able to bite
into a fresh apple with his own teeth because of Paul’s cal
lused fists. One night, Paul went back to the apartment build-
ing dressed in his late father’s tagged work clothes. Paul and
Holly’s apartment was on the seventh floor, and he could
barely make out shapes Moving in yellow light. He stared for
nearly half an hour before he saw Holly looking out the
window. He shouted up to her, but she didn’t seem to heat.

“Paul the Maul! You don’t look So good, slugger.”

The janitor had a huge can of garbage that he dragged
