Glenn went to his room. He felt weak and drained from
3 7 b . ‘
i night's work. The gray morning light cut through his
i the Nie” y t

/ window s : d shes
no rocker. Feet dangling, chair gently swaying in the
1 to think about moving out.

finished this latest job, he'd have

and pressed against the floor. He sat down in his

air, he begat
After he

enough credi
apartment—just a down payment. Then

hed have to find someone to split the

ts for a down payment on an

rent with him.

There was Sadie...but Glenn didn’t
know if he could handle living with
her. She was a pop tab collector, seven
thousand could win you a free trip to
Las Vegas or a weeks worth of shop-
ping atany participating mall. Sadie
was the kind of girl who always kept
her head down looking for discarded
tabs on the street.

But she did have a nice body and she
wasnt too particular about loaning it out.
With his hands behind his head, Glenn
began to consider the idea a bit more. What
he really needed was a woman like this
Daisy Baker he had picked up earlier. A
woman like that might put him into
high gear, make him take some kind
of definitive action in his life.

Back in the living room his mother
pushed the red button.

“Oh!” Daisy said as Glenn helped her
down from the regenerator rack. Holding
her elbow, he walked her across the room to
the recovery couch.

“How do you feel?” he asked.

“A little dizzy,” she said. “But that will pass. Iralways does.”
She looked him up and down. “Are you new here?”

“Been here three weeks now.”

“What happened to Roger?”

“Roger?”

“The other guy who worked here,” Daisy said. “He kind of
gave me preferential treatment.”

“...uh...guess he quit. He wasn’t here when I started.”

y She was even more beautiful alive, Glenn thought.
“Are you hungry?” he asked, thinking: Rule number three—
victims are always hungry after being rejuvenated.
“Starved!”

“How about a burger?”

Ghads. You eat that crap?”

“Well...”

bellomy

“I know this wonderful little French restau-
rant just east of the park. It serves the best
food.” She looked around suddenly.
“Where’s my purse?”
“It wasn’t around when I picked you
up. I found your hat though.”
Glenn wentacross the room and got
it for her. “Look,” he said. “I've only
gota few credits and anyway; it’s four
in the morning, I doubt if that place
would be open. So, how about a

joe

burger?”

Daisy took her hat and popped it on
her head. “Guess I don’t have much
choice since you're buying,” she smiled.

At four in the morning Burt’s Meat House
had only one customer...and he was ordering
to-go. The attendant, who had been slouch-

ing over the service counter, perked up as

Daisy walked through the door. He sneered
at Glenn, but gave Daisy a goofy, yellow-
toothed smile.

They ordered two Burt Beanburgers,
two nutrapops, and two sides of soyfries.
The attendant took their orders grudg-
ingly, then watched Daisy’s behind as
she and Glenn found themselves a table.
“So, what do you play?” Daisy asked as

they slid into the booth.
“J don’t play anything. I work.”
“Oh, I haven't tried thatyet. Maybe next year.”

The attendant shuffled over with their burgers. He crooked
his neck as he tried to get a glimpse down Daisy’s low cut
dress, She frowned and he slinked off.

Her eyes are so blue, thought Glenn. He found himself
swooning a bit.

Daisy took a bite from her burger and wiped a drop of
mayonnaise from her lower lip.

“How did you get involved with the Center?” Glenn asked.

“My husband. He likes the games.”

“Do you?”

“I don't know,” she said, shrugging and bouncing her head
from side to side. “I've always been a victim. Even in school.
I was always getting picked on. In sex-ed they called me
