Christians. Our s ippositions would be incorrect though; Jack
is uncomfo
silence of his bean fields, or at most the gure

he dirt, cros

able in the presence of any people, preferring the

ng voice of his

s his and takes a

tractor. He sits down in

deep breath. He doses his eyes and feels history wash over him

This sensation is much like the calming,
has when letting his fingertips explore the boulders he has
His

clemental feeling he

unearthed, but it is both more powerful and subtle
breathing slows and his broad shoulders relax.

Though he would never admit to doing such a thing, Jack is
meditating. His mind, wandering through its own back alleys
nes a prehistoric world shaped by the

and earthy cunnels, ima
storybooks he sometimes reads to his niece and nephew. This

landscape is filled with lush foliage, towering palm trees, and
the rich smells of old forest and fresh decaying
leaves. Three-foot long dragonflies buzz through
the hot air and the harmonic rise and fall of
locusts fills the shadows. In the distance a great
roar sounds and an alligator-like lizard lurches
out of a bush and into a murky pool of water
covered in giant water lilies. His dreamscape is
rendered in vivid Crayola colors.

After some time Jack withdraws his hands
and opens his eyes, blinking in the sunlight. He
returns to work, putting thoughts of the skull
out of his mind. He supposes he will call the
local community college in the morning and
speak to an archeologist.

His dreams that night are vague, and when
the morning sun pierces his bedroom window
the next morning, he awakens with only the
memory of towering shadows looming over him.
He drinks a strong cup of coffee to wash away
the night and sits down with the phonebook,
thumbing through it until he finds the phone
number for the college. He picks up the
telephone receiver and then pauses, His mental
image of the thing in his field has faded over
night and now he wonders if perhaps he was mistaken. Perhaps
it was in fact just a large slab of some light and flaky sedimentary
rock. He drops the receiver back in its cradle and gathers
supplies for a lunch, then goes to the barn.

He drives his old pickup truck out to the field, a shovel and
a mattock in the bed, and when he stops and cxamines the
discovery again, he is quite sure it is bone. He docs not spend
time in meditation again; his mind is on work and that is what
he sets about. He starts with the shovel, clearing off the top
layer of dirt, being careful not to damage the surface of the
skull. Then he moves out several feet and goes to work with the
mattock, tearing up clods of dirt and digging a trench around
the thing, nearly twenty feet in diameter. In a few hours he is
drenched in sweat despite the brisk March breeze,

When he stops for lunch he does not look closely at what he
is uncarthing. We might be curious to look at it, see how far we

Scattered
amid the
Jreshly
tilled dirt
are chips
of what
seem to
him to be
bone...

have progressed, look at its shape and touch it a

Jack prefers to save that pleasure unt I he is done.
, letting his muscles

hts

He returns to the mattock and the s
ind tendons stretch across the arc of the afternoon. His thoug
are quiet and he becomes absorbed in his work, not stopping
until the sun reaches the horizon. He takes a long drink of
water, splashes some on his face and neck, and finally looks
down to examine the thing he is unearthing.

Jack was certain, justa few hours into his digging that day,
that the thing was indeed a skull of some sort. But until now he
had not looked at it directly. Now he stares at it, takes in its
proportions, its overall shape, the placement of the eyesockets
on the front of the skull, just above the nasal cavity, the bulbous
top and back, the high cheekbones and brow ridge. He now
realizes that it is certainly too large to house a
tiny dinosaur brain, and shaped wrong to be a
dinosaur or a mastodon. This is the skull of a

human, a giant human

Different people deal with the mysterious and
the inexplicable in different ways. Jack might
have called everyone he knew to come look at
the thing, to try to make sense out of it with him.
He might have called his old high school friends
in nearby Waynesville, he might have called has
brother in Cincinnati. Had his father been alive
or had he known the whereabouts of his mother,
he might have called them to come see this
impossible monument unearthed from his field
after a week of careful excavation. He might
have gone to the library, spent untold hours
hunched over dusty books of folklore and
mythology, thumbing through archacology
journals and textbooks. He might have called up
the community college, summoning an expert to
explain the inexplicable, who in his bafflement
would summon his colleagues from other schools or digs, turning
Jack’s field into a major archaeological find, changing the face
of science as we know it.

Instead he tries to forget about it. He uses the muscle of his
tractor to drag the skull into the corner of a ficld, amid a copse
of dogwoods and bushes. He goes about his planting, working
sixteen to twenty hours a day to catch up for the week lost in
the excavation, At night he sleeps the dreamless sleep of the
dead. And for a while, he is successful. The overwhelming
exhaustion in his body and the focus on work in his mind are
enough to keep thoughts of the giant skull at bay. } é

Thinking is dangerous for Jack, although he doesn't know it.
The decision not to think about the skull was not an active
one, he just thrust himself into his work and stopped thinking
for a while. He has no explanation for the giant skull, he has
not thought about one, He has noc realized that the human
mind doesn't deal well with mysteries. The human mind needs


d Mystery

1¢


A Bur
