RYE

I “ 2 tO
” the sherift asked, turning

Doesn't work for the county’

fire marshal

I ear Missal
u f b) srcien man I seen neat
Nope He's foreign. 4 nly forcig
the fire marst al said fad
j +) ngs aroune
"Never know what is gonna try to disrupt things are

here,” the sheriff said. “It puzzles me.

h their heads over it. F le walked

Morgan left the men to scratc
ta panting beside him,

path co the main lodge with Dako
1, Startled, Dakota barreled toward the
aced around

essed

up the
finding things to piss or
his bark echoing in the woods. Morgan f

main lodge,
saw Dakota with his paws p

to the side of the lodge and

against the wood underneath a window. He pawed at it, “What

A raccoon?” he said. He quieted the dog but still

Captain and Reba. Morgan stood at


is it, bo

heard whining. It was the C
an angle and glanced in the window, Reba mounted the ca

her face flushed as she shook against him, Morgan stared a

while and then jerked away and looked off in the distance

ptain,

where the fires only seemed brighter and the lake shallower. It

didn't seem that anything was going to put out the fires.

Morgan lay on his bed, the fires flickering through his window.
He closed his eyes and thought of Reba topless. He thought
about squeezing her breasts, thought about it over and over.

There was a knock on his door.

Reba stood outside hugging herself in the cold. Morgan let
her in, She smelled of apples and hickory smoke. There was still
color in her cheeks.

“Sorry to bother you,” she said. “I just . . . I chink something
is wrong with Gus,”

Reba sat next to Morgan on his bed and the smell of her

pervaded the cabin.

“He's distant these days,” she said and began to cry. She

looked down at Morgan's lap to where he adjusted his jeans.

“What do you mean?” Morgan asked.

“It feels like everything is over; that I've lost him.”

“It’s the fire. He’s worried about losing Missauga.”

“I know, but. .. there's more to it than that.” She sniffled and
dabbed at her eyes with a tissue, “He knows something, Morgan.
Something I'm not ready to tell you,”

“You can tell me,” Morgan said, squeezing Reba's shoulder
and smelling her hair, He tried to think of something else,
something strange that could keep his mind off of Reba, but it
wasn't working. His erection flexed against his jeans.

“Morgan, youre so young...”

kissed Reba She was as lifeless and still as the one-
ssc eva-
Morgan 4

on

antlered

| ring a dirt path in the woods. Morgan
deer ro’ hs 5
cand looked Reba in the eyes.
Jid that. I'm lonely a lot of the time.

d that. )

and edged backwards toward the door. “]

withdrev

“I'm sorry lc

Reba stood up
are, Morgan. C
I suppose we sk
over what rook plac
ast couple weeks. Morgan thought about his
vould be spoiled because he left it alone for

“an we just forget it happened?”

know you Sees
j sould.” For a while they were both

“Yeah,

ulling ¢, not just then, but over the
quiet, mu 4
course of the |
deer, that the meat w

too long. He watched R

“Look, Morgan. ] came
Gus and I don't know if I can fix it. I need you to

He'll always listen to you.”

cha’s chest heave with cach breath.

here to tell you that something is

wrong with
talk to him, Morgan.
“What about?”

“Just hear him out
She shut the door and Morgan, alone again, fell back onto his

bed. He worried about the deer he killed, that Gus might
n the woods. He had to get to it before Gus did.

and tell him it isn’t worth it.”

stumble on it i
Fora while he felt ashamed that he had kissed Reba, but soon

that feeling left him when he remembered seeing her with the
Captain, He held onto that image, of Reba and the Captain
naked and aggressive, until his breath shortened and he felt his
pulse pound strongly throughout his entire body. He held on
until the image didn't interest him anymore and a feeling of
sadness came over him.

Morgan kept his eyes closed and dreamed. He imagined the
drowned Chinese man trapped at the bottom of the lake,
underneath large sunken logs. He imagined the Chinese man
grabbing for his sword but not being able to reach it, not being
able to free himself from the mess that trapped him, drowning
and not able to make it to the surface of the water.

Morgan rolled over and balled up. The warmth of sleep crept
over him. He imagined the drowned Chinese man riding atop
the deer with one antler, galloping in the dried mud wasteland
that was Lake Missauga. He saw them riding past old sunkes
fishing boats, past corroded treasure chests, past piles and piles
ee fe large chunks of wood with old rusted fishing

iged in them, and past large boulders covered in mos:
Phe a ie faster and faster past all kinds of rusted
farther and oES i hey Sh ah the shy and Bog
sini pelt il Aue beast with one antler was —ae
ee i we an ea taken the strange man age Xe

things the lake oat ee ate conser ie a f

hiding. Morgan fell asleep thinking of those

thin i hh
gS, things that would surface into reality without any other
place to hide,
