illustrated by Jade

DearMr.orMrs. HamlLodon. (orcurrent resident),

Idan sun evolves off

High in the clouds of the planet Kilda, a kith race is fighting a losing battle. As the Ki eee dire
the main sequence, it will flare up and burn the light gasses from the planet's rasa aig ee
consequences for the population. In less than one siddecade, the Kildans will go extinct. The entire popule
of Kilda (an estimated 2.5 trillion individuals) will die. I

They will be the first recorded human kith to go extinct in the nearly five th \
The unique condition of the Kildans precludes such measures as ¢v acuation, either en masse, or selectiv e.
They are cloud dwellers, apparently evolved from an engineered form created around the time of Dissociation.
The Kildans cannot save themselves because they have never developed any technology—they are giant,
filter-feeding beings who float belly-up among the clouds by filling their lungs with hydrogen. Moreover,

no other kith race has the means to develop vessels to house such unusual refugees in the time remaining
to them.

There is nothing that can save the Kildans, but they need your help to save their culture. They are sending
this urgent request to all oxygen- or hydrogen-breathing kith (unfortunately, facilities for sulfide-metabolizers
are not yet available) as well as the applicable non-kith willing to devote 2 to 7 sidyears for a noble cause.

Asa Save-the-Kildans volunteer, your food will be supplied, and you will be lodged on Kilda in specially
designed floating accommodations. There, you will live alongside the Kildans, learning their language and
transcribing the rich and ancient oral history of these, our most unique brethren race.

To apply, detach and complete the following form, and send it to the address listed below.

ape is not an option.
ousand years since Dissociation.

Thank you for your support,

KefKeff
Interim President, Save-the-Kildans Foundation


84 Mestone Ave. SW

Fenfraq City, United Metanates
55021-192
Planet Qorral
