It isa rather brisk spring afternoon when Jack first encounters
the giant skull. He sits perched atop his coughing John Deere
Tractor and squints across the barren fields. Behind him, rows
of blades turn the earth, making it new again for the crop of
soybeans to be planted in a few weeks. He thinks quietly to
himself, carrying along a slow careful dialogue in his head.

The life of a bachelor farmer is a solitary one, but one to
which our hero, should we deign to call him that, has long since
adjusted.

Jack’s afternoon reverie is interrupted by a hideous scraping
from behind him, much like the sound of a fork being dragged
across a chalkboard. He mashes the brake and the clutch and
yanks the trundling machine out of gear. He climbs down from
the tractor and steps past the plough blades, peering at the
careful furrows of earth between his dirty boots.

Jack, though mostly uneducated, has always been a quick
thinker and had taken a bit of interest in geology in high school.
Even before he begins his examination, he is making educated
Buesses as to what the source of the sound was. He knows that
tens of thousands of years ago this countryside was covered in
mile-high mountains of ice. When the mountains finally
withdrew from their explorations of these more southern lands
to their ancient arctic haunts, they left behind souvenirs brought
Be ra oe bouldes The endless workers wind and rain

sts. Other times they seemed to bob to

the surface, as if their rich history made them too buoyant to
hide long in the carth’s crust. This had happened in years rast
and now Jack felr a familiar excitement set in, a

Jack has a Breat love of rocks and stones, identifying with
He respects

sit in a row in front of his old farmhouse, suggesting eccentricty

to passing drivers. At times, Jack takes comfort in running his

hands across the pitted surface of these ancient behemoths,

letting his fingertips walk across a history older than humankind
He squats down on his knees and pushes the furre

and immediately he notices something strange. Scattes
the freshly tilled dirt are chips of what seem to him to
He shoves away larger piles of dirt and exposes a large ol
hump, smooth to the touch and nearly three feet actos
inch intervals are parallel grooves where the tractor dr Ts:
blades across the surface.

Jack stands up, brushes off his dirty hands on denim
lifts a Red Sox baseball cap, and runs his fingers
thinning blonde hair, What is a farmer to make of
is anyone to make of this, much less a man who has
in so simple a way as farming, his greatest surprises com
the turbulent and often unexpected Ohio weather? W
i ypical redneck, supposing he thin
underground missile silos, prehistoric Adantae:
or secret government conspiracies. But he is no more f
than ourselves or anyone else, and he supposes he may
discovered the skull of a dinosaur or a mastodon. He red
last week in the Paper about a farmer in Auglaize Count
uncovered the remains of a mastodon. How odd then th
's something far stranger, far more inexplicable than m
skulls OF secret government conspiracies, If he were more
to fancy, would Jack be more or less surprised when he fini
the truth we already know?

Jack is nota religious man. It isn’t that he does not be
ail Father he just does hot care or think about the 4
ae pie: action, one might suppose that he would f G

ortable in the company of Wiccans than that
