Concrete Afternoon by Joe Béllomy

I clutch the syringe and move away from him. I've just Closed his eyes and have already wept.

For him the end was clear. For him, everything had been Clear. What power that must have brought. I look at the syringe. The clear liquid within jiggles as my hand trembels. Thomas is dead. It's over.

The afternoon glare breaks through the filthy window leaving the room without shadow. I press myself against the far wall, squeezing the needic. I am not sad. Not for myself. Not for Thomas. What had it all come to? For Thomas, peace. For myself, a quiet suicide in a hot dry box?

Thomas had been beautiful, alive with an energy that could crackle from his fingertips and bristled his hair. Even now he was beautiful. How old was he? Twenty, twenty-two?

“I'll wait for you,” Thomas was on his knecs, his thin blond hair pulled away from his face. “Trust me Linda. Don’t fail me Linda. I love you.”

How warm his touch was. How soft his kisses. How

His eyes bumed fiercely blue below his smooth clear forehead. As he raged his small compact body bound itself into tight hard knots. “Trust me with your life young girl. Trust me with your bloated body and starving soul. Trust me with everything you possess and I will show you freedom.” As he spoke, as he stood, as he breathed, I lived. Fear was nothing next to love and I loved him. Thomas/love.

In LA there is sex and surrender. The group is one.

This room has no furniture. We are all here. It’s a solid block of frozen air. We sit around him. We hallucinate. We make love. We do not eat. We do not sleep. | am Linda. The others here love him also, as they should. He is sleeping now

In this room I am naked and cold. I cannot breath. I am choking, dying. My eyes begin to bleed. I cover them with my hands and they fill with blood. I rub my face and it becomes smooth and featureless.

His hands are soft and smooth and he strokes my brow, comforts me. He is so beautiful. Thomas/savior.

He stands before us. His nude body white, smooth, shimmering. The knife he holds moves through the air and digs into his left wrist. But he isn’t hurt. The wound erupts and blood flows to the floor. He wraps it with a cloth and puts the blade to his other wrist.

In the van we travel silently. It holds us five easily. Joseph, who was afraid, we give courage. Sally, who was lost, has been found. Timothy drives and speaks only to Thomas. | am Linda and Thomas loves me.

I wait outside as Timothy goes in. We need money and food. [ hear the scream and it frightens me. I go inside and see the child run to the stair. Timothy is close behind. He strikes the child across the head and it tumbles down the steps. Timothy grunts like an animal. I am sick and leave

It’s a hot concrete afternoon. The sidewalk burns my feet. The sun burns my naked skin. I see the men coming toward me. Their chests flashing beams of sunlight. Their heavy black belts flopping as they run. I’m held and pulled into a car. Joseph’s here, his wrists bound, his face buried
