necklaces and scarves didn’t obscure an peaped Or and curly-haired bosom. However, the extra obviously say eyelashes made her wonder. That, and the plush _ ; face Was so delicate, even pretty—despite its fact waa ai etared into the glossy black eyeballs, trying to

ive the matter 1n her head while she blushed him up.

ESS- ms blucne>

The harem had been easier wor k than Vishnu, though she res v

try several shades before choosing a deep burgundy hed = put against the tawny wax. She went back to the se men : che finished Vishnu and painted glossy, puce / eee CE thickly. She thought she might like that / jipstick

self one day. Moving back and forth ‘é color for he

kbench, first with blush, then lipstick,

h eye shadow, she was extra careful |Y from the wor then finally wt : hi not to disturb anything she wasn’t supposed to, ee

Her work was a dance of perfection, arranging /Y//

7 the scene for maximum effect. Sometimes though, she came precariously close to toppling the crowded '¥4 harem like the apprentice plate-spinners at Verona's, and it frightened Claire to think that her clumsiness might cost Grampa several weeks worth \» 4 > of work, not to mention his health. Grampa seemed AQ? more frail than the wax figures and anything she 4/7 Ne did to them she may as well be doing to him. Buty’ “ it couldn't be helped—Claire had to finish it. tf yoy

Grampa came back into the room. “Careful AEG there,” he said. “We might just get more business than the Verona Fun Park with this one.”

Claire hoped this exhibit would do some good for Grampa’s health. After last summer, she knew a bad exhibit could certainly do him harm. Last summer when the regional Shriner convention was crowding the aisles and spilling out onto the stone walk and the sun had softened the wax of the French Revolution display, the neck under the guillotine melted and the Marquis’s head fell off into its long-waiting basket. The crowd was more than amused, but Grampa fell down flat like he’d been the one executed, Tumed out he had a heart attack. A little bite, he called it. He said his old heart couldn’t bear that kind of stress, not on one of the most important days of that year.

Il.

The light of dusk filtered into the yard through the trees on the ridge. Claire wedged herself into the bay window by the porch and reread Gramma Adie’s letter. The hand that wrote it was visibly rheumatic. The d's and t's were gangly and the s’s were pinched, telling more about Gramma’s condition than the words themselves. Claire’s memory of her grandmother had faded in the last two years. She had trouble holding the image in her head, She could clearly see an ever-twitching cheek and she could hear the old woman cough, but Claire had to struggle to remember what color her eyes were. She didn’t even remember whether she had glasses or not.

Before she got the TB, Gramma Adic had gonc to

mcknight nathan Missouri to help out her eldest granddaughter—Claire’s cousin Joann. The divorce happened shortly after that when Gramma found a Northern man who promised to take care of her. Claire thought that was nice of the Northerner, but Grampa had a lot of words for the man, even though he and Gramma busted up pretty quick. Now, Gramma was back in Joann’s house and Joann still had plenty of trouble with her two kids to worry about a sickly old woman.

Gramma had always had lung problems, but

this was the first time she’d mentioned them ina

\ letter. Joann and the boys are helping me out loads,

she wrote, I’d be dead already without them.

Grampa’s old typewriter sat in the hallway

between the house and the museum. She typed

4

in near darkness, the only light shining in from

, Grampa’s workshop, where he was molding the

ae limbs for Shiva. Grampa hadn't used his

typewriter since he'd stopped replying to

Gramma’s letters. On account of his

nearsightedness, she didn’t have to worry

about Grampa seeing what she wrote. Claire

tried to imagine what Grampa would say if

4 he knew Gramma Adie was sick.

fs

Adie honey, she wrote, I know you're sick

but my poor heart still hurts so much that I

can't bear to see your face. I believe you'll

be better real soon. I believe I will come see

you when I can think about your pretty face without crying. Maybe I'll send Clairebell up to see you when the weather clears. Love, Ulysses. Claire looked over her work, trying to hear Grampa’s voice saying the words.

When she Grampa shut the light off in his workshop, Claire followed him into the kitchen. The glass pane of the window where she'd been sitting left a cold section on her back. She leaned against the refrigerator’s side, always warm.

Grampa Lyssie was pouring bourbon into an empty tomato

puree can. The label was yellowing and beginning to peel

around the edges, but was otherwise well-preserved.

“Grampa...” He looked at the letter in her hand,

frowning. “Pappy... Can I sleep in the Lincoln Bedroom

tonight?” ¢

“| suppose. But if you get chilly, you crawl into bed

Garden Love the in Elders

with Pappy. It’s a mighty cold evening tonight, it 1s.

Claire turned the thermostat in the museum lobby up by

few degrees, though Grampa had repeaeey wr

aid cactting the wax. The Lincoln Room was quite a

but the little bed was cozy and Jus pene —

: rock collection nex ,

Hoover mood er room. Claire fell asleep staring at the

inviting guests 10 ~

hack of the First Lady's head by moonlight

Grampa got a call the next moming. Tee ie. tre

getting excited on the phone, Claire supposed it W

s, granted

and sometime

beautiful

boils like oatmeal

ory ofa rolls like dough, baton only sometimes, stands as still as thet

7 gg i

time was irrelevant. In the ¢ loset he | face

For Timothy track of time

dials glowed In greens and reds, meters

vitches bent upward and downward, on

On each wall and off. There was 4 peddle on the floor and a lever on the popped outward, Sv Jeft and crank on the right near his elbow. There were buttons before him and buttons behind him, rows and rows of buttons; buttons like pieces of tiny colored candy that lit and buzzed and clicked when pushed and there were buttons which made no sound whatsoever.

Timothy could sum UP his occupation in one word.,.balance. It was all a matter of balance.

There were moments when Timothy would contemplate the heavenly beauty of that particular balance: the position of his instruments, the movement of his body in relation to the demands of his environment. Lovely, It was a grand dance of balance and harmony, a symphony of equilibrium

a - —_ and reactions. A button kept a dial ata seal a falling meant the touch of a switch. A one bore ae lit. Everything was connected ane a spade And he was master of it all, ee Lee when, which switch to switch, eee ena wee ‘o pedal, what was on and what wo chen. emed he himself was part of th

y an operator performing a function, an part of the system itself, and i

, and it most comfortable, sce soba at these times he felt the

;

y secure in his place and Position, immovably content

During one of ica sae we ae magical moments of union Ti Spore a nk was electric. It was an Hike ny eon vee al man of a simple question “ema

pees low, odd feeling of quiet une : aon cashes ie aes something felt..well..off. “rte ‘ment and a meter readi b a a nted itself, which should he a .

meter, internal or external, A

‘ ment of

ave rise to the decision itself. As he trieg define the feeling, the meter fell . Never before had it fallen indecision @

r, What were the numbers? Forget the numbers. The

ed downward, and Timothy, caught in the crux of $0 fa meter mov

fiable feeling emanating from deep within hj chest, failed to push the button which would return the dial and unidenti failed to turn the crank which would relight the bution, failed to flip the switch which would reposition the crank failed to press the pedal which would justify the aaa and as a consequence...the floor became electric. j

The jolt sent him upward, approximately two feet highe than the height of a standard doorway. It immobilized ” motor skills, stunned his senses, and completely dita the cause of his neglect (that feeling of offness) by inducin: quite suddenly, a state of timeless unconsciousness. .

While in this nonlinear state Timothy’s offness manifested

itself through the appearance/experience ofa series of sexual

images which caused his body to generate an erection and

emit a few sparse drops of seminal fluid into his undershorts

Luckily this process went undetected both by himself and

his supervisors and was not recorded in formal report of his

conduct. These images consisted of female acrobats, oriental

contortionists, and fabrics, bolts, blankets of warm, wet,

sticky flesh. Following this phase he began to experience

the construction of mathematical abstractions, none of which

he understood. It was during the construction of a six

dimensional cube that Timothy was revived.

He found himself in his supervisor’s closet, one of the

most lavish, well lit closets in the entire complex. Timothy

awoke muttering something about a net, a triple somers it

op never before performed in a public arena. .

scolding Page“ you’re here?” Began the supervisor,

ansible . pete nose and eyes like marbles in their

whee Be by Saga becca ee having realized

“I, uh, well L..” Ti i i

ape baths » supervisor said, standing and pointing at

oe ns. They were all lit...all except one. One

ete - one, fourth row down from the top,

ihc -aak - the left, an inch square, protruding a half

prt For wall, Of all the buttons on that wall oaly

ae * and that one was Timothy’s. His body

ribeye gle exposed nerve, vibrating from the top of his

- ae pinched oval of his butthole.

“Lit. al my boat Wa Costtuend Oo ere

It’s our motto t Regulated. Do you understand that Tim!

Agtadhnt aa heee Balance. Harmony. Unity, Continuity.

roa Trt the tens of your emplogment. Thay were agreed

Pas el look here.” He lifted a sheet of pape

to push the butto, we here you failed to note the dial, failed ye

a te n, failed to tum the crank, failed to flip

nd failed to press the pedal. Timothy, I hate © say
