“Nah. You see, sometimes you need physical pain to
forget about emotional pain,” Wallbacher said, grimacing.
He squinted and rubbed his ribs

“Jung say that?”

“| don’t know. Probably,”

And so Wallbacher propped
smashing the Mike Sells, ready to ex
of finding a suitable companton Men, our internal oceans
should house all the bobbing bottles encasing the things that
don't float, but should sink into the cold abyss where their
smudged unreadable.
bent on catharsis. He would hand
sy myself with something else,
jream I had the previous night, or
s of the Buffalo Bills going ten
ly take apart a broken machine

himself on a couch, his feet
pound on the difficulties

soggy messages are

But Wallbacher was
me a notepad and I'd bu
maybe scribble down my ¢
I'd postulate on the chance
and five this year. You can on
and randomly press wires together so m
they spark. Shrinks must surely

sce this as an axiom of their

I imagined the very details of this scene, Wallbacher
watching as these burly guys, college sport hats backwards,
wearing Abercrombie vests, passed his date around and cach
took a turn at her from behind.

“They saved her life,” Wallbacher said sorrowfully.

“Well, shit, that’s good to hear,” I said.

“Oh yes, quite good.” He stood up and wet a rag in the
sink and hunkered over the coffee table to clean the spilt
droplets of bloody wine.

“What's the damned problem then?”

Wallbacher separated his thumb and forefinger an inch.
“I was this close to making a genuine connection.”

Everything had gone perfect up until that point, he said.
He had acted as a true gentlemen, holding doors, helping her
into his Suburban, listening intently to her conversation,
full with puzzling medical terms, and thoughtfully replying

any times to see if to show he was interested in what she said.

Wallbacher said everything was leading up to that
moment, and once shared, there would have been insatiable

profession.
Wallbacher squinted his eyes, struggling to open them as

if he’d been belted hard on the head and had developed an
irreparable twitch. The Sauvignon pulled his brain from his
skull like it was a wad of gum stuck in his hair. Poor sap. He
was Cupid's pincushion, walking around like an old drunken
extra from a silent Western flick, arrows jutting out him like
porcupine quills.

He began a great roaring monologue on his date the
previous evening with a gorgeous medical student named
Mya. He spoke with a lit cigarette stuck to his lip, glued
with his sparse saliva, not that he was a smoker. He didn’t
drag off the thing, but he had an image of the great defeated
French lover to carry out, wearing black Levi’s anda charcoal
tee shirt like some hack art student. His voice became soft
and tremulous over the difficult parts where he claimed to
have scen a glint of promise in Mya’s eyes while she forked
an oozing chunk of chicken cacciatore. It was the one moment
they shared suggesting possibility, he said.

He dredged retrospectively in bewilderment, shaking his
head. He confessed fear of not finding a true woman meeting
his criteria—a mender of wounds, a scrambler of eggs, a
warmer of beds—a true simpatico to nurture the wounded
landscape of his soul.

In that moment, Wallbacher said, a strand of her
strawberry blonde hair fell down into the cream sauce. He
brushed it back behind her ear and smiled warmly at her. He
was overpowered by the glint, a shimmering distant fire ‘
across the hazel terra of her eyes, and Mya’s face reddened,  AndI would do it. Wallbacher and I de-pantsed our sixth
what Wallbacher said he initially saw as blushing, but as it grade camp counselor, we hit spiraling fly balls behind our

i i i ions and we wore
turned out a chunk of chicken and peas had lodged in Mya’s elementary school during summer vacations an® ore
throat. birthday hats strapped to our chins at each other's parties.

i : . heart struck
“Ig she all right? What did you do?” I asked. History is too valuable to scrap Over a
“Well I jumped up to give her the damn Heimlich, but disillusionment. 1 would see him Saeen’ a
she’d fallen backward onto the table behind her, her legs he'd do the same. By the end of t — eases
kicking up in the air like she was drowning and a couple of clowns huddle in groups at cacophonous

guys grabbed her and began pumping away at her.”

desires to be around each other, ever long moments waiting
for phone calls, at least three months of incredible kindness
and sweet sincerity.
“That was the last time she ever looked at me,” he said.
“She choked,” I said.

“Yes, she choked. Then insisted on buying the guys a
drink and they encircled her at the table. She smiled at them,
and every time I opened my mouth to speak, somebody
stole the opportunity, talking inancly about some party,
lodging peas in my throat, damnit. Eventually the jackals
dragged her off to a kegger,” Wallbacher said softly, hushed
by the painful remembrance. “They stuck me with the tab,
all $85 of it, and walked over me and out into the night. The
beautiful Mya was taken into the hills by a bunch of savages.
[ retreated home with the Cabernet Sauvignon, and well,

you know the rest.”

[hoped taking Wallbacher out into public would be like
dragging Proust out of seclusion and sicking him on every
curvaceous woman in sight, or unleashing the Marquis de
Sade into the fermenting hallways of an all girl’s high school.
But it wasn’t, He was a man who came within reach of the
top of the mountain, but only to have the rock he held
loosen and he fell to the jagged bottom. With much prodding
and forced encouragement, I would have to set the training
wheels back on his bike and guide him along the cracked

sidewalks of his frail confidence.

suring out the sludge and brewing anew I

peruse ss aimond flavored liquor from Italy, the green

oa fiquor. some ambrosia for the men and women
sgigon™” coxph into Gods and Goddesses after the buzz
ho it the bartender and I had warm conversations
kes hol ch thanks for the fresh coffee and him cutting the
involving if on a refill, At the pool table behind me two
price ¥ 4 Hemingw ays compared the size of their Johnsons
fiannel cr por of their breaks. The same girls lining the bar
via the ne smiles through the curling screens of smoke
shot the sai "at the table, glad to not look so foolish when

at bac i
andl oer my mug again, glad to have something warm to
mt ..

ps against.
arm around Sam and she kissed me on the neck.

was warmed by the sensation, I felt sorry for
ialbacher, forced to witness the very thing he wanted but
pares find. He looked down into the traces of bubbly
ar that was once & Guiness, truly accepting the fact that
cee’ his element. I leaned across the table and prodded
nd to go after the three girls perched at the bar.
“| appreciate what you're trying to do,” he yelled into
“but I’m just not feeling it. It’s been a long day.” He

[we
ress MY tt
[put my

although |

my ear, “bul
jooked at his watch.
The girls w anted to go dancing, and if I would have, Sam

would have been incredibly happy and expressed it later,
but cronies are cronies and I walked the creaking deck of
Wallbacher’s sinking vessel, brazening it through the tide of
another somber voyage home.

Sam’s fingers entwined in mine as we separated; we held
on until the tips of our fingers brushed against each other.
She had a silly beer buzzed smile on her face and when
Karen triggered her car unlock with a double beep, Sam
stared passionately at me and smiled. They stepped into
the green Mazda, furthering their ventures at a dance club
downtown where God knows what grisly Armani adorned
men would grind against them to the staccato of bass
thythms.

Wallbacher walked with his head down, past the unkempt
lawns littered with random wrappers, empty cigarette boxes,
and paper bags. There were shards of broken beer bottles
and dented cans splayed across the sidewalks. Some
inebriated attention grabbers mocked us from a stoop, lava
lamp oozing in the window, but we didn’t care. Wallbacher
kicked a pebble and when he bridged the distance between
it, he kicked it again with his hands stuffed in the pockets of
his Hagear pants. He repeated this until the stone bounced
Into a divot in the dark lawn.

; As I marched toward my Escort, headlights rushing past,

Said Something of little effect to Wallbacher about there
being droughts in the fish pool, but he didn’t reply and
When I looked back toward where I expected him to be
‘mbling, | saw nothing but a pizza box in the street. I turned
“round and saw him crossing about a hundred yards behind
Me. The hell, 1 thought.

L vs ay e i oy ~2
sy? she bottle display behind him, the conical shaped leg

pl

my overall spite towards cam

party ghetto.

He disappea
eon Appeared into a yard full of blonde g:
Zings and gold necklace wearing men, all hol

astic cups of beer, So:
Some students wore Abe
and sports hats backwards. phar

a fire hydrant Moonlight
huge sheet hung h
three Greek lette
on fire before the
up burning
the middle
students and

Thete was a discarded keg beside
gleamed on its silvery surface. A
out one of the windows of the house with
FS written on it in shoe polish. It would be

ae night is over, I thought. A lot of things end
n campus. | remember seeing a futon ablaze in
of a street once, The ¢

irls in tight
ding flimsy
‘ombie vests

hought of drunken college

4 canister of Zippo lighter fluid contributed to
pus, considering it a ruinous

“Hey asshole! Wai ” :

didn’t botlat paghe'g: sarge semana eatmaint a
for Wallbacher, When I found him on the ‘hie ie ona
the wall, he was blockin: i ieee fee Cia

F -king a girl from getting past him. |
pushed my way through the crowd. A kid with a Lacrosse
tee shirt and a Gators hat on backwards stood behind him
holding two beers, The girl tried to get past Wallbacher but
he wouldn’t let her through. Gators tapped on Wallbacher’s
shoulder, but Wallbacher just glanced at him and kept going
on whatever diatribe he was giving. Gators tapped
Wallbacher’s shoulder again and Wallbacher brushed his arm
off him aggressively and both beers spilt down Gators shirt.
Gators grabbed Wallbacher by the collar and pushed him off
the porch.

Fuck, I thought, and fora moment I considered collecting

him from the trampled crabgrass and fleeing. But I had
invested too much in him to go home and press an ice pack
against his arm or leg. Friendships are defined by such
threatening moments, and I was determined to cement mine
with Wallbacher. Too many had been lost in the shuffle
before. | needed somebody to drink beer on the porch of
some God forsaken neighborhood and reminisce about old
times. This would be another in the catalogue of shared

experiences. Th
The crowd

e hell, I thought, into the breach.
hushed and watched us. I rammed Gators

into the aluminum siding of the house and then struck him
with a stiff right. The girl was crying. She was wearing &

hospital personnel tag. Som
and hit me square in the eye and push

Formoments, | didn’t t
ent of being punched. My
ne by my waistline of my pants and

dewalk and kicked me in the

sting and embarrass
Somebody grabbed m
pushed me onto the si
nds on shards of glass-

cut my har
i. : s all twis'

Wallbacher’s arm wa
g for me to follo
scrambled for
Wallbacher’s legs 5
ulder and we
he University hos

of me yellin
right eye. I
behind me.
arm around my sho

drove

Wallbacher li

nurse.

in silence to t

She was smiling at

mped thro

ad j

ugh the emer

ebody pulled back on my hair

ed me over the porch.

know where I was and felt the horrible

heart rushed.
back. I

ted. He was a block ahead

w him. I couldn't see out of my

him, a horde of people cussing

hook and I wrapped his good
hobbled to the Escort and
pital.

gency doors witha

‘oking with him, elbowing him in

ben crites


a
ey

o
S

es
S
I
a
S
a

re
a)

c
e
S)
