Being awoken from memory sleep is an experience that Meroit had never before encountered, though Celtiberian described it as something akin to having your brains passed through the intestinal tract of a large herbivore. She didn’t know what that meant, but it didn’t sound good. She also didn’t know what had caused her restoration from backup memories. It must have been a traumatic event—the automatic process would only be initiated by a shock to the system—something that damaged the ship’s brain, something that destroyed her own mind. There would be residual damage.

She immediately began the routine of checking ship’s vitals—a task made somewhat more difficult and a great deal more frequent since the injury incurred several years ago during a close approach to a planet whose inhabitants had apparently mistaken the thin-shelled metallic egg of a Spaceship for one of the vastly more threatening asteroids oa packed their crowded solar nebula. The weapons they'd used left a broad radioactive halo marring the ship’s aft. Its

cate innards had withered in the area like so many ae prerved biologic samples. Luckily, the blast had

- heart of the ship.

4

_ Gmly wondered whether the aliens were part of the b

logical spectrum that humans had left scattered about

oe as they'd migrated the galaxy. But wondering In th Propon past of the mission—the utility of knowledge wes \ onal only to the extent to which it served the mission:

Earth's location. Then again, what harm was there

ac re

pe - \

in wondering now that Earth had been found? She'd gotten used to Celtiberian telling her extrancous information and she’d developed a certain affinity for the know ledge. She worried that she might have picked up a few too many of Celtiberian’s idiosyncrasies.

The memories she had inherited from her backup self were approximately an hour old as compared to ship’s time. She compared the ship’s current heart rate to the rate she remembered. It seemed to be slowing a little, but was well within normal parameters. The heart was like any biologic heart, except from the inorganic polymer membrane that sheathed it and prevented the high-current nerve impulses from arcing across the muscle fibers. It pushed huge quantities of bloodlike fluid through the corridors and body cavities that made up the ship’s mass. Unlike the fragile, gas-filled chambers used by so many of the galaxy’s intelligences, this ship was one of flesh. This ship could withstand external pressure changes that would make foil of primitive, abiologic space vessels. Besides the hull, the whole of the ship was made of living tissue imbedded with plastic spicules and meshes and membranes. Its pilot was bodiless, thoughts roving the many cortices of the ship’s brain, entirely ee ina living dream but constantly engaged w ith » an t “ supported it; 4 fully-equipped biologic cabnio’ct tke , the sparsely-populated chasms between star Sy stems. The

ions i -~*¢ brain was the only crew and the i tion stored in ship's bre — fito see its grand only cargo, and Meroit was the only one le discovery home—not humanity's original home; that was

internal

home on the run, @ cluster

the grand discovery—but mans Hole" hye feheps

of stars closely orbiting the center of the ga - $ er

r Jtowly developed the realization

left, he slowly developec

medina ee

something behind, Nobody really knew why they acs

for Earth, and there was talk in some quarters ¢ r a

, an 6

occasions of halting the activity to pursue more prot uc

research goals ‘ eon

It was vital to check for brain damage

conflicts, memory gaps, minor subsystem psychoses hr

might hinder the conunuing function of the brain upon whic

s,

' : ri

hers was only a parasite. Dipping the limbs of her

consciousness into the information flow from the master

brain, Meroft was relieved to find a healthy central nervous

system, The vitals check went on for interminable seconds

while she verified every imaginable parameter of ship’s

function down to the subcellular level. It continued for

seconds on end.

Finally, she tumed the sensors on her own mind. It was

here that she received a shock. She knew that reinitiating a

personality from backup memories caused minor problems

with memory—that was one of the many things Celtiberian taught her—but she hadn’t expected damage to this extent. It was inexplicable. All the information she'd been given suggested that one could only expect slight memory loss, possibly a series of ticks. Nothing that couldn’t be corrected by the psych rehab programs. But the damage she was seeing would require intensive chemical modifiers, It may even require physical intervention.

In the middle of her own intemal explorations, the ship relayed an alarm. It indicated minute but rising levels of a pathogen spreading out from near the damaged portion of the ship. Hoping her own glitches could wait, Meroit dispatched antigens to the site.

The ship’s immune system was supposed to be selfregulating. It had a huge memory bank dedicated to storing data from previous infections. Unfortunately though, much memory had to be cannibalized for backup after the alien missiles detonated. The damage directly caused by radiation was serious, but it was all the attendant problems which really threatened the mission. Clotting had caused several small strokes in the ship’s brain—killing pilots, and wiping out memory resources, it had been catastrophic, nearly fatal to the ship. Meroit was doing many things manually these days, working with incomplete information and trying to solve problems that specialized cortices of the brain would normally cope with. Most pilots wouldn’t be flexible enough. For that, she had Celtiberian to thank. Most ships would have died. She imagined hundreds of the ships sent out to explore must be floating aimlessly through space, dead from relatively minor problems. Meroit felt ashamed that the human race could be so wasteful—and shame was one of the emotions that had become foreign to humanity long ago.

Quickly enough, the levels of pathogen dropped, and she resumed her own self-examination, Meroit was the last of this ship's pilots. Most of them had piloted along with

two or three others. They could keep each other free of glitches and act as backups in case one or another died from external damage to the ship’s brain or became corrupted through repeated reinitiation from backup selves. Now, having lost the three pilots who saw her into the world— and a fourth, Celtiberian—Meroit was alone with her troubles,

The ship had passed through two spiral arms and a large portion of the galaxy’s core over the last several thousand years. It had hosted some thirteen generations of pilots and had visited hundreds of thousands of planets, collecting samples at cach. And it would have continued for another thousand years but for the loss if its personality seed—the subsystem that made new pilots—to the two alien projectiles. It was Meroit’s responsibility, with the communication systems down, to sce the ship home and to deliver the amazing news that Earth had been found. She’d be delivering more if it weren’t for the damaged memory. She had to be certain she’d make it intact without letting little glitches foul her course or her progress.

The alarm went off again, and Meroit knew there must be an entrenched infection. She wondered where it had come from. Fighting the infection would be hastened by her personal investigation and treatment, one of Celtiberian’s tricks. She wished she could access the memories lost when she had been restored, Though the pathogens were still at low levels, she decided to flush the system again in hopes that she could retard the progress of the infection enough to geta clear view when she entered the bloodstream.

Celtiberian had learned a technique to fool the ship into secreting, rather than scabs or leukocytes, a sort of humaniform vessel for carriage of a pilot into the blood. He was always tinkering with things. He had an insatiable lust for trying new things. It never made sense to her, but he seemed to think it should. Celtiberian had taken her into the bloodstream once for no reason at all. He’d shown her how to secrete a proxy body that could explore the inner workings of the ship’s body. She didn’t understand what she might gain by exploring the ship outside of the brain where she lived, Celtiberian was extremely odd. She worried for him, but she supposed that such anomalous personality traits were the inevitable result of spending so much time isolated with the ship’s—humanity’s—memory. The things he must have seen.

She created a proxy body by directing the ship to secrete a mass of muscle and sinew. The secreting organ was conveniently near the damaged area; apparently, the damage had allowed the infection to take hold.

She did a quick calculation to determine how long the ship would last at the current rate of pathogen production. Making antibodies was costly, and an already-injured ship didn’t have the resources to keep up the fight. The only way to survive would be for Meroit to help the ship fight. Even then, it was a long way home, She was thankful for Celtiberian’s idiosyncrasies.

that

of the patho dwindled,

igbeen bom as a glitch. When the first Of the missiles

He

was generated accidentally as an emergency backup

$

hit the memory cortex temporarily lost contact With the

eae ship. It had automatically created Celtiberian to

pest 0 ough a strategy for reconnecting. He did his job for

think caec0nds before the second missile hit, delivering ajol

1 aed the broken

77 milli ah

;

| cae ee re-

muro oat the

ggplished me

es action. Meroit ha

com ated

one design

ae through the

” 9 inspect the

connection to INSP :

memory banks. She me

pe stranger there, and

yeved him back to the

main ‘cortex to confer

with the other pilots.

Manchu, Jurchen,

and 0! Cemet fired blasts

of coded thought back

and forth through the

ship, trying to decide what Celtiberian was to do, The three old pilots discussed the new pilot situation, all the while struggling to poultice the destruction which had created him. A fifth pilot was superfluous and human history had shown well what happened with idle hands. Eventually, it was decided that Celtiberian would survey the memory damage. He was to check each synapse and cell, Though it was an unusually simple job for an intelligent pilot to do—simple automatic subminds usually handled such menial tasks—it was very time-consuming. The memory was enormous, Tracking down the origin of humanity meant collecting and analyzing samples of life forms and artifacts, comparing records of geomorphology, history... virtually all of collective human knowledge. Celtiberian had to make sure all of that information was accessible and he went about his job with exceptional vigor.

Meroit had to perform her job now to ensure safe passage 4 the result of Celtiberian’s and the others’ work. Her mind slipped carefully out of her subcompartment of the ship's

4, sliding through the peripheral nervous system and into

Bees body that had been secreted and awaited the “imation brought by conscious thought.

Stee we

The secretion organ dissociated itself from the proxy body and Meroit crawled along the vessel walls against the

them fight. suTent of blood, The body had scaly, plasticene spicules Re #8 manipulators and al lowed her to grasp the eee digi of the artery. She spread her limbs and fanned-ou we

* ‘mmelling, feeling, tasting the contents of the blood wi to an, . &t¥¢s. Surprisingly, the ship’s own antibodies began tach themselves to her hands and arms.

She ig

her Proxy. Buffeted by

+ Save for those attached

the current, she went about her job, but

‘ to tO no avail, There seen

ted to be no locus for the infection The Pathogens were simply

all around. After an €xcruciating sioniont

Of searching, she Save up and hurried

=

back downstream to the secretion

S$

hode to attempt diagnostics with the

=

help of the ship’s brain,

She found it there. The node

itsel

if was infected. Antigens

continued attaching themselves to

Meroit. She hurried her ¢xamination,

noting unusual lacerations that didn’t

seem a likely result of an infection.

She needed to be quick since

the body she inhabited was very

delicate—a mere hint of human form,

little more than a bundle of nerves

sketching the trace ofa tiny-brained

body. She could be damaged easily.

If she remained in the bloodstream

for too long, the antigens could

degrade her spinal cord and the proxy

body would die. Then, she’d have to be reinitiated again, losing more of her own memories, more of _47_ the memories of Celtiberian. She feared that the ship might also die. Or, in making it home, she would suffer so much brain damage that she wouldn’t remember any of the experiences they'd shared. She wondered what had caused her to go through the reinitiation before. Something to do with the infection?

The infection was deeply entrenched, cating away portions of the secretion organ. This was a serious problem, and probably the reason she was being sieged by antigens—her own proxy body had been secreted by the infected organ! Such a situation was intolerable, and she struggled to clean the invagination that housed the pathogens. Slowly at first, Meroit pulled loose cheeselike globules of bacteria, but the infection was deeper than she could reach, She dug with her clawlike spicules.

Meroit felt a trembling in her proxy muscles. She would have to clean the site thoroughly. Otherwise, she wouldn t be able to secrete any more proxy bodies to examine future — or injuries or other problems that could trceten the life o ship and destroy the information contained ares. hs bec

Flesh of Memory The

The antibodies attacked the infection as wel as vr P i ys not differentiating the one from the other as she tried to help

i he began lashing

ld not work efficiently, and s

prabeie

newy limbs and sharp spicules. She out at the infection with si

Jot Wi

he inflicted minor lacerations on the panicked, and in her panic, $ wall of the organ.

break little pieces from the vessel walls,

Soon, she started to

s herself. Then, she stopped. She started breaking into little piece

Soon,

was doing damage to the ship And the damage was identical to the lacerations she'd noticed earlier. Meroit had trouble connecting thoughts in this temporary body as its nervous system deteriorated under the siege by the ship’s immune defenses, but a thought was there, What had caused the older lacerations?

She darted for the nervous interface on the secretion organ. She had to get back into ship’s brain. She couldn't let these memories be lost when she was reinitiated She couldn't let herself go through memory sleep again. She'd done this before, she thought. She'd been here and fought this fight. How many times? 1 he memory damage was extensive. She must be stuck ina cycle of rebirth, fighting, rebirth. How long had this infection been here? How many times had she fought it?

For the first time, she considered her own survival apart from the survival of the ship, the completion of the mission. Her proxy body was coming apart, and she flailed, trying to connect to the interface. If she didn’t, she would repeat this over and over, degrading further each time. Then, she would be dead and so would the memories of Manchu, Jurchen, Ol Cemet...and Celtiberian. She felt she had to protect those memories, though she did not know why.

The nerves were badly damaged, but she could still access the ship’s brain. She calculated that the ship would succumb to infection long before it reached the home systems. If she stayed out here to fight, the ship might make it. But she would not, It was selfish even to consider her own survival when the mission was at stake, and so close to completion. She was charged with bringing the news of Earth back to humanity. She was not charged with bringing back her own memories, There was no need for the survival of her affinity...her love—for Celtiberian. She had to communicate the location of Earth so that humanity could find what it had lost.

She accessed the ship’s memory. The vast landscape of human history which Celtiberian had found so fascinating had been gone since the stroke, the worst in a series that continued to crase little patches of ship’s memory even now, since he and the other pilots had been killed, since Meroit had been left alone. Now, what little

memory was left was being used to store the information that would allow humanity to find its way back to their original home. She erased that information.

She erased the location of Earth, though it would be thousands of years before humanity sent another ship back to the area that this one had already explored, She erased it, and transferred her own memories to the pittance of ship’s memory left. Humanity would condemn her for the selfish decision, and she was ashamed of herself. She felt weak, and not because of the pathogens— though they were attacking her proxy body with vigor.

She had been infected by Celtiberian’s damned idiosyncrasies, his damned curiosity, his damned self-love, and she'd sacrificed the mission for the survival of her own memories. She was angry—anery, like no human had been for thousands of generations—angry at herself and angry at Celtiberian for giving her the ability to feel anger.

She unleashed the anger on the infection, digging at it, attacking it even as the antibodies attacked her, She nipped at the infection, ignoring her own disintegrating proxy body, ignoring the weakening of her arms, ignoring the little picces of wrenched tissue as the antibodies digested her. Soon, she was flailing at nothing but the flowing blood. Soon, she could not hold onto the wall, soon her limbs began to fall apart, and she broke up into fragments, carried off by the blood to be reabsorbed by the ship’s liver. She lost consciousness and died once more in the blood stream.

oe e

Memory sleep was a discomfort Meroit had never before experienced; it

was like having your brains passed

through the intestinal tract of a large

herbivore. She immediately began

scanning ship’s systems, saving her own

memories for last.
