My girlfriend Marie tells me what I need from life will
come in some form or another. I’m leaning my head against
the smudged fingerprints of a payphone at a Shell Station
my tie loosened and the top buttons of my blue Oxford
undone, free from an interview at the Creative Testament
Marketing Firm. Marie says the subconscious works like an
autopilot, constantly navigating the soul. It’s intuition, what
Jung calls our sixth sense, she says. There’s a quaver to her
voice like she really believes these things. She clicks over toa
call on the other line. I wait, wondering whether she’s trying
to cheer me up or test her comprehension of some book she’s
been reading. Two children with chocolate smeared smiles
peek at me from the back of the van. A man wearing a fishing
hat fails to stop the gas pump on $20 and thumps the roof of
his Suburban. Marie never comes back to me.

After a couple months of disheartening interviews and
dismal projections in the classified ads, I’m apt to bide my
time and wait for this subconscious to take over. So I’m back
stocking groceries at Kroger, my fallback job.

It’s Friday night and I’ve just finished stocking the cereal
aisle. I break down cardboard boxes with my car keys. No
box knives in the Kroger stockroom. The master thief conjured
by my manager Phil has struck again. I imagine him in black
pajamas, suctioned to the side our building with plunger heads,
the box knife clamped between his teeth, soon to be added to
a stash waiting in a secret fortress.

A radio DJ broadcasts live from a club downtown and I
pine forall the activity I’m missing: beautiful women clinking
sweaty drinks together, marooned by guys in black shirts
and sleek shoes; all the gorgeous waitresses balancing trays
of colored drinks and foggy beer bottles and dodging pool
cucs.

There are tiny paper cuts on my fingers below the nails. I
suck on them and sigh. The sky grumbles —a dark front of
clouds swirl in the beginnings of a vortex. I lean on the doorjamb
to the back employee entrance and watch the sky’s hurried
movement,

I carry the flattened boxes to the dumpster. A fierce wind
ravages the back lot, rolling pop cans and discarded beer bottles
somewhere in the dark. I peer into the dumpster to determine
how much space I have to work. Jutting out from beneath a
cardboard box etched with a smiling Charmin baby are
sandaled feet, hair arching like bridges over the gaps between
the toes. I hurry inside and page Phil.

News travels fast among the inner circles of the Kroger
team. You find out something — something juicy, I guess - and
you feel this overwhelming propensity to unburden it and
share in its gospel. So a group of us who walk this labyrinth
of aisles on a Friday night, bound to rent payments and car
leases, we pass the word along and seize the opportunity to
do something outside of our job descriptions.

We stand by the dumpster debating whether or not to call
the police. | wipe cardboard shavings off of my pant legs.
Lisa narrates into her cell phone between drags offa menthol

ites . ,
ene
register. No one cant inn prodace coin daen ecko

OE ype in a produce code faster. Work is like
prison in more ways than one. The more time you spend, the
or seniority. At Kroger, seniority is represented in felt

s on nametags. Thaven’t worn my nametag in months.

Marie digs her hands in her jean pockets and shivers. She
has a powdering of flour on her Asics. She nuzzles against me
like a cat. The wind blows her hair in gyrating swirls behind
her head and I gaze at the shifting clouds shrouding the moon
beyond that flapping flag of hair.

Phil trundles out, his tie wrapped up over his shoulder, his
gelled hair coming unglued. He carries a clipboard with fluttering
sheets of inventory. He bends down in front of the paneled
opening, scrunches his nose and pushes his glasses back in
study of the protruding feet. | watch a possum bump its way
through the blowing trash, Lisa imitates a National Geographic
host, her accent contrived British.

“Hmm. Yes,” Phil says. He looks up at Lisa. “She call
9117"

“Rob Anthony broke up with Sara and now he doesn’t
have a date for the dance,” Marie squeals, hurried like a valley
girl,

We relive all the copious details of high school angst,
confusion, all the complex facets of melodrama through a
distorted squawk we have come to recognize as Gina, emanating
from Lisa’s cell phone. Not that I complain. It’s good to be -19-
reminded of those feelings, to let the nostalgia warm me,

“Tell Gina you'll call her back,” Phil says. This statement,
delivered in the same direct manner has interrupted many
beautiful daydreams.

“Is he dead?” Phil asks.

“| didn’t check,” I say.

“One could argue the lack of ambition and involvement in
society has rendered him lifeless,” Marie says and digs her
chin into my shoulder.

Phil looks questionably at her and looks up at me, maybe
wanting a nod of agreement. He hands me the clipboard,
stretches his shirt up over his nose and sticks his head into the
rusted dumpster. “Dear God,” he gasps, “it smells like death.”
Phil’s voice echoes inside, wanting to spill out into the windy
night, At Phil’s request Maric retrieves a long branch and hands 5
it to him. She coils back around my arm, not that it was Be
particularly cold. But Maric, like all women I’ve known, has oo
heightened sensitivities toward temperatures. Phil’s legs lift &
off the ground as he leans into the dumpster and prods into the
covering of cardboard above the man’s worn feet.

“He’s in the dumpster now. I can see his crack. I think he’s
poking around with a stick,” Lisa says to Gina.

“Hey! Get out of there, now. This isn’t any place for you.
Move on,” Phil says. A big commotion follows; cardboard
flops like sheets of aluminum, something smacks against the
side of the dumpster.

ben crites

The Dreams of a Sleep

ss


_gourement or scarring that necessj
a hideout. I wonder why Phil ana apo and a
extraordinary, why he left it to ring up an alcohoi prieeation

Marie returns with a Swisher Cigar box onde —.
sandwich bag of dope and some rolling papers. a. : =
the stems and seeds from a bud and twists the ia ag
cigarette. eyeing me as she licks and seals the Paper, | Keg :
her couch, feeling trepid from my scarred conscience bi ‘i
usually feel before getting high. ermal

Maybe I’m medicating myself. Getting high seems
in the lines of my life and makes the menotons 4g a
interesting. | envisioned the transition from college to “real
life” being casy. But it isn’t. Crestfallen, I lean back on my old
summer job and come home every night to get stoned, watch
taped episodes of Northern Exposure, and wish for a Rip Van
Winkle sleep to dream away the inevitable Sisyphean routine
of life. With luck, I'll save up enough money fora good recliner
to come home and pass out in, completing the bourgeois’s full
circle.

Marie sits next to me on the couch and we pass the joint
and listen to the music the wind makes gusting between the
houses. The candle flames hypnotize me for I don’t know
how long. It’s then I realize the effects have taken hold. Fora
while, I feel brilliant. We laugh about poor Bobby’s unanswered
pages and the fallacy of having no one of age working checkout.
| theorize about the old bum, saying he’s an experienced
dumpster dweller, wisely choosing the recycling one. Marie
laughs for a while. The wind snaps the flag out front.

Maric plays her old Casio on the pipe organ setting. I stare
at her smooth eyelids and long lashes as she looks pensively
down at the keys. The sustained notes make me sullen and I
think about funerals and somber flower arrangements. | think
about Lisa and her five roses and imagine her in a thicket of
them picking as many as she can pin to her shirt. She looks for
the perfect corsage. She picks up one and talks into it. She calls
the rose Gina and wants to know its opinion. She cuts her
finger and sucks on the wound. ‘

Marie stops playing. We eat popcorn and drink a two-liter
of Diet Coke under the soft light of the kitchen. We climb into
her parents’ bed so we can fall asleep to the History Channel.

og RE go to spoon Marie but she’s curled on
the edge of the bed, so I close my eyes and listen to ah
Some of us who are small dream big, the historian says-

The next afternoon I sing along to Blonde on Blonde in the
shower, My face appears underneath the fog on the mirror. I
decide against shaving and put on my dirty blue Kroger shirt,
jeans and work boots, The sun blitzes in segments through the
£4ps of the blinds and dust motes waver like tiny magic carpets
ah pi There’s a note from Marie on the table, the writing
Area erratic, without the hearts and smiley faces of her

i i ch

I'm saddened by the clear skies, by the birds chasing ca

other from tree to tree, and hearing the jubilee of kids playing

their games jn their
Necessity of wor!
Deep inside I k

I drive past the Ohio St

ben crites

late Universit
Seize i we Tey n
ze the sun like groundhogs freed from that Sroeieter

They play hackey sack and 5 moke Cigarettes on benches,
some march along the street inh backpacks, all of them digging

sae fher. It i :
tag. Driving has changed since past: picts
eee You use to be able to flirt on the road but
everyone is pre-occupi 7
into cell ctemet spied, staring forward and talking
Loften wish that the giant Kroger sign looming off in the
distance were a mirage. I'd get closer and the building would
dissipate into a panorama of sand dunes. Like when driving
in the daylight, sometimes you see silvery stretches in the
road ahead which look like floods of water but the closer
you get over every hump the mirrored water shifts further
off in the distance.
Lalmost run over Bobby in the parking lot, He’s collecting
stray carts and stands stoically when I roar to a halt, begging
for release. I park in a slant that takes up two spaces.

“Hey, Bob. You keep calling those 99s. Somebody’s “21-
bound to hear you. Those college kids will wait, too. You
won't believe how long they'll wait on cases of Beast or
Natty,” I say and mess up his hair. He backs out of reach.

“Lisa says you found a hobo. That's what you guys
were doing at the dumpster last night. Fishing out a hobo,”

“Yeah, well, they should give Lisa a rose for gabbing.”

Bobby’s lead cart has a busted wheel and he pushes on
the train of them and it weaves side to side like a snake.
There are white chalk lines where the stuck wheel scrapes
against the blacktop. | dislodge the lead cart and heave it
into an empty parking spot.

“What did he say? The hobo. When you woke him,”
Bobby says. ody.

“phil woke him. He didn’t say anything, just seemed to
want to keep away from Phil like the rest of us.”

There are a bunch of blue shirts at a picnic table out =
front by the pop machines, They smoke cigarettes and =
yawn in the sun, stretching out their breaks as long as they
can. One wild kid pinches a girl and then runs away giggling.
A Salvation Army representative sits In a folding chair FH
with a jar of coins and a stack of pink flyers heaped ona
card table next to him.

I stand in front of the automatic doors and they won't &
open. I stare into the reflection in the glass and watch people
stack paper sacks full of groceries in their trunks in the
parking lot behind me and I marvel at the passing traffic far
off, at life moving on without me this gorgeous afternoon. ©
The doors won't open. | sneak in the exit, brushing past a Fa

ion

i

of

ream

woman who has both her kids jumbled in her cart with the
groceries.

I clock in next to Lisa
swipes brownie mix and cereal boxes with wild cartoon
characters on them and the register clicks and beeps. Her phone
is holstered to her hip and flashes with messages. She leers at
me over her shoulder. “In a future age everyone will use the
self checkout and I'll stand here reading the tabloids and chewing
gum,” she says. An older woman stands in front of Lisa wearing
a plastic sheath over her rollers and she rustles through
her purse in search of missing coupons. Two frazzled
Johnny Rottens goof in line at the Ticket Master 4
counter, their hair greasy and unkempt. I block their ~

at the first checkout. She listlessly

view of Lisa’s butt and they crane their necks side to side Sa

in frustration.
“Wasn’t that creepy last night?” Lisa says, tearing away a
long roll of receipt and hands it to the lady in rollers.
“ felt for him, for the crazy life that pushed him into a
dumpster.”
She turns to me and smiles and I feel the warmth of it
wriggle through my body.
“He was just lazy. A bum, really. He could be bagging
groceries at least, I mean the cop. . . ,” she said.
“What about the cop?”
“Nothing.”
“No, really?”
Her smile crumbles into a sad grin.
“He's a frequent shopper. Spends most of his time at the
bakery,” she blows a bubble until it pops and leaves me in the

wafted fruity scent of her hair when she spins around and |

places a plastic bar on the conveyer to separate groceries.

L peek over a rack of potato bread and buns. Those
pensive eyes are fluttering and Marie smiles and
laughs. The cop leans over a glass case of glazed
donuts and cookies. He holds a Styrofoam cup of
coffee in his hand and occasionally slaps the 5
countertop enthusiastically with his other hand as
though he was slapping a buddy’s shoulder. Voices and codes
gurgle over his wave radio. Sometimes he holds a hand up to
halt her and turns the volume knob for an instant. He grabs her
hand, dusty with flour, and gently strokes it with his thumb.
Then he shakes his head and she laughs and licks her lips,
keeping them moist as blueberry muffins.

I walk up to the counter. The cop composes a serious manner
like I’m some urgency transmitting over the radio. He nods at
me as you would any old acquaintance.

Marie nervously handles the introductions. The cop tries
to fracture my hand when he shakes it. Bastard, I think and
force a grim smile. We make weak attempts at small talk with
Maric acting as interpreter, My heart shakes at the bars of its

cage. The cop entwines his thumbs in his belt, a thumbprint of

flour on his black pants. Phil finds me and instructs me to the

stock room. I shy away.
“Gotta go,” I say, “there are pyramids to construct.” My

voice cracks. Neither of them laughs.

Back in the stockroom I feel sick, maniacal, too, like I'ma
bad actor jerked off stage and clawing my way back toward the
gap of light between the curtains while stage technicians pull
on my legs. The damn unsympathetic radio bursts out
“Waterloo Sunset” as a sign that this treacherous life wants me
aaa in a rowboat and pushed adrift the frigid waters towards

ba.

The thought of Marie and that cop bounces in my head like
a rubber ball from a quarter machine.

I step into the break room to catch my breath, There’s a
local news broadcast on the television. A woman interviews a
zookeeper. She tilts her head. “It’s a very dangerous animal.
Call local authorities as soon as you see it,” she said.
They show footage of a lion posing
with a different zookeeper at a press
conference. Then something aggravates the
lion and it swats the zookeeper in the head
with its massive paw. People scream. They
cut to footage of the zookeeper’s mangled
face, as he is loaded into an ambulance.
“Just to recap, a lion has escaped
from the Columbus Zoo and
Aquarium,” the reporter says. “Be
on the lookout,” she says.

I step back into the stockroom
and pace back and forth. Phil
watches the change in me from
mild employee to seething
madman.

I pick up a box of tortillas
and hold it fora while, letting
the strain pull at my muscles
as I stare off into Phil’s eyes,

his eyebrows arched like a
children’s drawing of birds,
and that rubber ball bounces
and bounces. I twitch. There’s a
centipede on the floor stuck on its back, one hundred tiny legs
kicking up in the air, and I drop the box on it. From its
perspective it must’ ve looked like the comet falling down
towards the dinosaurs, getting bigger and bigger until it’s
everything. =

| gather flattened boxes my diligent co-workers have piled
by the back exitand I heft them outside with a stinging sensation
of the edges cutting into my arms and wrist. [plan my retaliation,
pacing in the alley, throwing boxes in the dumpster. But soon
enough my courage shrinks. I fear what will become of myself
when I piss off the F.0.P. 1 imagine them at their lodge, tracing
my credit cards, cleaning their guns, idling in front of my
apartment in the middle of the night.

I cry, and although it begins with heartache, my stomach
sick and my bowels loosen. The embarrassment that rm
actually crying intensifies the flow of tears. I lean into the
dumpster and puke. Soon it’s just stringy bile; my gag reflex

has nothing left to siphon, and I thirst for Seagram’s V.O., to

asphalt. He holds a

out and falls back onto the |
ack lines of dirt on

Phil thrusts
he stick. There are bl

broken fragment of th
his shirt.
“You won't believe W hat just h
“Damnit, Lisa, call the police,
himself up onto his palms. Marie squeezes :
throbs. I feel a necdle-pricking sensation in my fingers.
Over the dumpster’s dark opening @ leg dangles, the worn
pants have holes id I see scars on the knee that look

like tiny leeches. His face jow 0

sweatshirt. He wobbles backwards and catches the comer of
ht hand and feebly struggles. I free
feeling back into my hand.
d grab under his armpits and lift him out. An
buzzes from Lisa’s phone saying, “9-1-1,

y?” It repeats.

appened,” Lisa says.
» phil scowls. He pushes
my arm so hard it

myself from Ma
I step forward an
operator's voice

what's your emergenc
“What should I tell them? Phil, what should I say

says. She sighs when Phil doesn’t answer promptly.

Strangely, Phil pats the man down while I have a grip on
him. He grabs Lisa’s phone. “We've got a vagrant here causing
a disturbance. We need him escorted.”

The old man puts his arm around me like he’s my drunken
college buddy. He doesn’t say a word and smells pungent of
urine. His ankles are bruised and swollen.

“He’s not disturbing anyone, Phil. The disturbance is you
waking him,” Mane says, reaching for the man’s hood. He
backs away and collapses against me. “What's your name?”
she asks gingerly.

The receiving door opens and casts an enormous,
silhouette of Bobby, a pimpled cashier. He cups his hands
over his mouth. “Phil out there?”

Phil hands the phone back to Lisa. “What do you need,
Bobby?”

“Man, I’ve been paging you
99 up front.”

Phil grabs his clipboard and walks toward the light of the
stockroom. He stops halfway and turns to us, his features
dark. “Tell them to come around back to the dumpster,” he
says, “no use making a scenc out of this.” His shadow gorges
on the asphalt and a cool dark restores when he shuts the door.

Marie stands hugging herself, shivering. We wait until the

T° Lisa

for ten minutes. Weve got a

window and gesture him to roll it down. He smiles arrogantly
“Where will you take him?” I ask.

at Marie and drives away.
Marie stares at the oil stains where the cruiser had been.

drops ofoil.
clink of a Zippo behind us, an excited exhalation.

conducts.

far end of the alley illuminates and a cruiser pulls up to us, its
headlights blinding. A young, mustached cop loads the man in
the back of his cruiser. The old man looks like a monk with his
head bent forward in supplication. The cop winks at Marie
then slams his door shut with unusual aggression. I rap on his

‘ “There's a shelter on Third. He'll be all right.” He rolls up
his window and sits there for a few minutes, having a
conversation with his wave radio. He shoots a sardonic smile

wrap my arm around her to pull her to me, but for a second she
doesn't give as though she’s entranced by something in the

We walk back toward the receiving door, a metal]
‘ ic

“Gina, you won't believe this.”

The remainder of my shift goes by quickly because | lose
myself thinking and I’m unaware of the routine my ie
I think about the interview with Toten
Marketing. | see the striped Armani knees of the Sales Manage,
rise and fall above his desk, like the humps of whales cuhees
and submerging, as he crosses his legs. A man beside Ping
plump and pinkish like a newborn baby, sits with a tired
expression, reminding me of Alfred Hitchcock. He has a beauty
mark splotch of ketchup just above his lip. There are several
full cups of coffee on the desk surface, covering a laminated
Dilbert strip. Sunlight shoots intensely through a window
behind them and I squint and shelter my cyes with my hand,

{ think about the man in the dumpster, about whut
circumstances could lead him to trade a bed for a cardboard
dumpster. I think about Jung and his belief in the “sixth sense”
that Marie always talks about and I try guessing how he would
explain this. Would Marie still argue the role of the
subconscious? Do we secretly desire to make a mess of
ourselves?

I can’t find anything on the radio as I drive back to my
apartment after work. I fumble with the dial. The synchronicity
of commercial breaks among radio stations amazes me, It’s
possible there’s a universal time to plug obnoxious car
dealerships, carpet sales, and the riveting new cop drama; all
the ubiquitous schemes of marketing I feign interest in during
these job interviews, the soul wrenching business jargon-filled
meetings to sell computers, my God! I turn the dial with hope
of finding something.

Inside my apartment Howard Stem convinces a Playboy
model to take her clothes off and sit on his lap- He guesses her
cup size. My roommate sleeps in the recliner. His lower lip
trembles. Maybe he’s somewhere with topless playboy
models. The dog-eared TV Guide next to him is splayed with
six dead Bud Lights, Jackie Martlin
down the volume. The light on the answe
pulsing. No callbacks. No planes flying over

I throw some clothes, toiletries, anda
into a duffel bag and drive to Marie’s, hitting the
and turning the radio dial endlessly. Along the streets ees
bow in the whipping wind and I grasp the wheel 19 keep =

Geo from spinning out of control.

Marie has showered and smells deliciously of
and lotions. She wears plaid pants anda long Jesey-
are in San Diego and I’m ready for her pe
grins and steps aside, closes the blinds on epee She lights
arid turns off the lights. I trip over my dus! Oe jot
some lilac candles on her coffee table then
abyss of her darkened hallway.

T revel in the dancing flames and

feet, the hair on the toes and thick “4
is mangled, if there's something hideous he

mec,

sit until the reflex actuates again. I look down in wonder at
dn nassive spattering and notice an opalescent stick onto
my I've heaved. It has a pale glow of pearls. | pull it out
rt off and clean it, It’s colossal, like a shepherd’s
t’s hiking stick appearing to be made of ivory. On
it’s thick and smooth; it’s ridged and twisted on the
smooth end has gold letters engraved in Arabic.
my soiled shirt into the dumpster and walk around
pepys of the building to the parking lot. I carry the staff
inst mY shoulder like it’s a large musket. Around front the
ag ic table crowd mutters amongst themselves and then one
vom whistles loudly, mocking my childish physique. I have
to open my hatchback to fit the staff in my car, but I drive off,
feeling 2 pit relaxed at the sight of the ominous luminescent
Kroger sign fading away in my rearview mirror,

staffor?
one end
other. The

| throw

The homeless shelter on Third Avenue was a Y.M.C.A
until a fire consumed half of it some twenty-odd years ago and
the remains were salvaged for the benefit of the disenfranchised.
Cars bump by to aggressive bass rhythms. 1 hear the static
pop of insects being electrocuted in a bug zapper across the
street. The sticky stench of pot emanates from somewhere

and I want to follow it, floating with my nose twitching at the

imagined streaming plume of scent, like a cartoon. A black
man with dreads and a ripped flannel shirt smokes a cigar by struggling sounds of coughing and wheezing. A cot close to
the entrance and looks at me quizzically, undoubtedly puzzled us has a bible lodged under one of the legs to level it out. In
atthe shirtless white boy and his long staff. it, a grizzled man sleeps with his back towards us. Next to -23-
Acorpulent woman with a greasy crow’s nest of hair sitting hima woman sits cross-legged ona cot rocking her pate
ata folding table eyes me from top to bottom. She hasa thermos baby. At the far perimeter of the cots, girls sing -_ sme
of coffee, Grisham’s latest courtroom drama pitched like a rope, their hair braided tight against their scalp. It's
i i fi t to stare. ;
—— - none — A ae — Spe = ma sail among them and try to smile wamnly, but secing
late angreeaamnetatnstas them, watching the small routines of their lives confined in
: aa shirt?” she says a gymnasium enhances the anne ee
ere ; i k behind me, Some of them
eertbnmeen here. Ho wm cept — “scp aon ee of a shirtless man with a magnificent staff
Seantipaees hooded peoeess am 2 ae a atk ” hiking among them doesn’t draw a bit of interest. These
the knees. He can’t walk well. I think this is his se ing Stik. people turn over in their cots oF nis open small sn i
“Honey, I didn’t work last night. I need a name. their eyes then sleepily close them. It — so pe =
“Can I take a look?” eri soup and burnt bread. We pass a _ . : a, =
“py pede agen ea in the wheelchair rolls up back of his ote ie ne g
lll sign for him,” the b i. mouth and clicks it. “You where his other ar ae eins iat 7
to the table, takes the pen out of his m is he The old man in the t cassette
sin't gonna club nobody with that stick, now?” he says ® & hee dark corner, his head drooped forward, sof
; c ody wi . te shirt and stuck on it Is wall in the dark white medical tape The staff glows in «=
Signs. He wears a beige army medic ss s with “Marlo” wrapped in thic te es aneeos. aslo clicks his pen
one of those “Hello my name is” sticker nameliG" behind the the dark of the busted lig 3
Scribbled in red ink. He leads me into @ ae abruptly, behind me. Hee him.” Marlo says. “Not him.
these woman and her courtroom dreail pie fhis mouth “Oh, you rater you’, he ain't got nothing t say.
_— iaowags t0 block me, taking the P® oot ollars now,” Don’t ose rolls up to him, He clicks his = to 2
“PP aaes “ onna give me Do you ” | ; “eYou ain't got xe to
he as itrepeatedly. “You g De ale the impact of his words F
“What? Why?” Cause say.” 4 move. His features are dark, 4
Lad Jd man doesn't i sae
“Cause more out of ten lars than y t The o k of light, and I realize a
Ican get more out of ten Wr hiking BACK 1° cured by the hood and la 2

letting you by unless you do,” he said. I
over. He clicks his pen.

; Fir: right,” I say, “I'll give you twenty, but you have to
stick by me in case something happens.”
| hand Marlo a twenty, one that has a pentagram branded
on Hamilton ’s forehead and he folds it into his breast pocket
aa he Acute and then places the pen back in his
mouth, He wheels
a tha Gad ete up the hallway and stops by the doors

“They gonna stare at you. Don't stare at them. They

hate being stared at,” he says. He clicks his pen.

Beyond the doors is a large gymnasium that looks like a
makeshift Army hospital with lines of cots. Long
fluorescent light fixtures hang like sarcophagi from the
rafters and illuminate the gym brightly, except for the far
corner where two fixtures are burned out.

Many haggard faces shift toward us, some card games
are interrupted, some of them gasp and laugh. Two
basketball hoops are folded up toward the rafters. Boxes
full of books and board games line one wall. Some have
names of rooms written in marker on the cardboard flaps.
There are tables with hot plates and giant soup pans, crock-
pots, long foil pans, stacks of paper plates, bowls, and
silverware lining another wall. The gym echoes with the

quietly mull it

ben crites

hair on his ee man stands up next to me and looks through the
2” Marlo says, pointing As the lion prepares for another lunge, two men in green
He clicks it in agitation. suits appear at the end of the hallway with rifles. They shoot
two tranquilizer darts in the lion’s hindquarters. It yelps, snaps
extending it to the old man. He lifts his head but Ican only see around, and runs at them. They duck out of the hallway and
a shadowy silhouette of his features. The skin on his hands is the lion disappears after them.
dark and leathery but his palms are light and pale as if the staff The old man shakes the doors.
has bled into his hands. He hugs it against his chest. I feel pain “Are you kidding me?” a man beside us says
swelling in my knees cricked against the floor. I pull the staff out of the doors and pull the old man into the
“See, man. See. Nothing to say. Not shit,” Marlo says. He hallway with me.
spins around and wheels off through the cots, his pen clamped “What are you doing, kid?” one of the men asks
I give the old man his staff and he walks with me down the
The old man reaches forward and presses his palm against hallway where the lion is roaring and two men are screamin
my head like my mother used to when she checked fora fever. “Shoot it again, damnit!” , ad
[ want to be cradled to sleep. When I wake with my arm numb The lion staggers. It turns towards us and roars with its
and throbbing under Marie, I'll whisper this dream into herear eyes half-closed. Hunkered again in a crouch, the lion can’t
in all its dramatics, muster the strength to attack and falls into a heap at our feet.

Children jump rope and I listen as it slaps against the I watch the old man bend down to the lion and stroke its
wooden floor, the kids rhyming, their shoes squeaking like mane. He pushes the lion’s eyelids open, revealing a large white
basketball players. The rhythm of the jump rope slows and eyeball that’s rolled back in its head. He rubs his throat, then
synchronizes with my heartbeat, and the rhymes become opens the doors and hobbles out into the windy night.
lethargic and disoriented like a tape player low on batteries. I Part of me wishes that the lion mauled me, that I would
close my cyes. have this disgusting gash seeping through the gauze while I lay

A lion roars. The old man pulls his hand away and I open in a hospital bed, Marie weeping above me and lightly touching
my eyes. The homeless are sitting upright on their cots looking my wound. I would show her where it hurts.
around, spooked like dogs. Children cry, the jump ropes So here I am, this shirtless, impish boy who’s afraid to
dangling from their hands. The lion roars again and it’s inthe summon up his strength and be a man, standing over the hulk
hallway. Its shoulders swaying up and down as it creeps toward of a lion, who may very well be dreaming of the impala he
the gymnasium. Two men slam the doors closed. They dragged into the thicket some long gone forgotten night. I want
frantically search for something to secure the doors with. People to forget everything.
scream and scatter in our direction, one of them pushing Marlo But here I am, just another boy without a date for this
like they’re running with a wheelbarrow. They huddle in the spinning dance of the seasons. Day twirls into night back into
dark comer. day.

The old man stands and towers over me. He hobbles through I could call Marie and sort out this cop situation. But

the mass of cots, leaning against the staff. The two men rip it what would I say that would be heard? I could go home and
from his grip, pushing him aside and secure the doors with it. flip on the History Channel, maybe catch more about

[run across the gymnasium, hurdling overturned cots, and Napoleon, and this time I’d listen intently, while I lick the
I help the man up off the floor. He staggers and leans against salt and scattered kemels of the empty popcorn bowl. I'd
me as a crutch. The two men step back from the doors. listen to find out what went wrong.

“It looks pissed,” one of them says. I could return the sting by walking into the bakery with my

Through tiny windows in the doors I see the lion on its sts clenched, my eyes wild and tearful, and make a beast of
haunches. It leaps against the doors and I fall backward, the myself until the authorities sedate me and I’m only left with

hard floor jolts my tailbone and the crowd screams behind us. dreams of how everything was and could have been.
The doors separate slightly, bending until they catch against But I won't. I know my limitations. I'll be stoic. I'll move
<2 sari ; in a sense. I'll take whatever Is

the staff. {jump up and look through the window. n
The lion roars and walks back with its head 5 and make do with it, quictly, and
low. Its muscles look like they have been 4 that’s the loudest noise I can make.
sculpted from stone.

only reason I think of him as a man ts because of the
toes, which seems foolish to me now
“What's he going to do with that

the gnawed end of his pen at the staff.
I kneel down and hold the staff across my open palms,

between his teeth,

given to me
perhaps,
