hurried behind his desk ang sie" sir, yes, yes, mm-hmm. Yes, I have him right here. Yes, sit.”

Toby set the receiver down. in hi eyes. He looked at Timothy. “That was the director of the complex,” he said. “We've drawn his attention. I had hoped this, had prayed this little situation

it would not come to eg a out moving tO a higher level. But

- Toby set the receiver cown. im. Timothy. “That was the director of the

eyes. He looked at

complex,” he said. “We've drawn his attention. I had hoped it would not come to this, had prayed this little situation could be remedied without moving to a higher level, But such is not the case.”

Mr. Hobbie shook his head.

“The director wishes to see you, Tim.”

Sweat squeezed from Timothy’s brow. His eyes moved sideways and up. He grimaced, smiled, frowned, and simultaneously. He expressed a year of emotion. He would have begged for another chance had he a voice with which to

He would have groveled at their feet had he been capable of physical movement. But as it was he could do nothing except remain perfectly still and hope this was just

sideways and up. He grimaced, smile simultaneously. He expressed a year have begged for another chance had be

He would have groveled at t capable of physical movement. But nothing except remain perfectly still and extension of his dreaming.

Mr. Toby and Mr. Hobble escorted him into the director’s office.

The director gave no indication of recognizing their presence. He kept his eyes focused on a single yellow light bulb burning on his desk. One could tell he was highly agitated or maybe the furrowed brow, flared nostrils and deep frown were part his natural expression. His fingers flittered near his mouth and pinched his nose repeatedly.

“This is him, huh?” He spoke, still focused intently on the light bulb. “I saw the flickers, yes, I saw them, both of them. Two flickers in one day, within two hours of one another! Contemptible. I thought my heart would stop. Oh, and it did stop on that second flicker. Thought you could get away with it | imagine. Thought you'd just let the lights go out. What a low, sneaky, contemptible litte man you are. We've already got someone to replace you. That was easy. You are not needed here. | just wanted to see you for myself. Let you know that you didn’t get away with it. No one gets —_ with inharmonious behavior. No one!

ow, out with i y

nib ape Throw him out! He’ll never work

With a kick in the butt, Time front doors of the complex, out in job and out of a way of life, Nothi complex had housed him, fed him, his fingernails clean. Now he was a

OP in eh oe

Timothy was booted out the out into the open air, out of a Nothing was left to him. The = a2.

Raa WE

a — © Sia

How could this be? he thought. Years of faithful service ended in such a fury. He had only himself to blame. Hobble, Toby and the director were just doine shoes PS, ce mae A a a

He walked and walked, away from the : sweet home. He walked until his feet began us scr ea

Then, he stopped and sat. .

He was free to let his feelings go now. First he er was needed, the release. He cried and cried, Then, he That Then he cried some more. Finally, he slept, laughed

The night washed over him. The stars lit of There were no buttons to push nor cranks to daa . world revolved on it’s own as a velvet haze of The slipped around him, He dreamt. darkness

He dreamt people and places and wheels things moving at odd angles. He dreamt dniicer voices, laughing, whispering, singing. Touches he and and kisses on his neck, his name floating on the | i. was a flag flickering in yellow light, and bodies marching and dancing. He fell and he flew. He sprouted wings from his back and talons from his fect, shed his glasses and his clothing and was a golden body floating in the night sky.

He rolled over and a blade of grass stung his c ae

him awake. heck, jerking

Lasting cerebral distortions induced by too much stress and too little nourishment, he thought.

He sat up. It was still dark.

A rustle of leaves came from a clump of trees to his left. “Who's there? Who’s there?” Timothy whimpered, “Come on!” a voice thundered, “He’s over here.”

A tall figure stepped out from the trees and into the starlit clearing where Timothy had slept. He was broad shouldered and dressed in close fitting black. Another figure stepped from behind him, very small, his head coming to Just about the big man’s knee. Then another figure emerged from the darkness. This last one Timothy gazed upon with his breath held. Her skin was pearl white, her hair blue black. Her face was a soft oriental oval. Her lips smiled without parting,

“Is it him?” The tall figure rumbled.

“Bary, don’t be stupid. Who else could it be?” Squeeked the smallest. “No one wanders around outside the complex voluntarily. They’re all too frightened, too comfortable.”

“Who are you?” Timothy whispered.

_ “I'm Benard Barnicle,” the tallest spoke. “This little guy 's Tony and this charming lady is our own Lo Chi. We're 8 cireus,”

“Just the three of you?”

“We have a wagon,” Tony declared indignantly. “You Walked farther than most do after they’ve been expelled. Most just sit on the Steps and fade away.”

I don’t understand,” Timothy said.

Can you juggle?” asked Bernard.

“What?”

“We need a juggler. I’m a weight lifter, Tony here is an

acrobat, and sweet Lo Chi is a fortune teller, psychic, and Contortionist extaordinaire,”

we have NEVES, | repeat, never, seen such a display

sais. bot lity. of re know what to say Mr. Hobble,” Timothy “| don't know what happened. I had this feeling pea to think about it and before I knew it...” wot Soph Tm. Something must be done. Actions such shese cannot £0 for. There are standards of Bi which must be maintained. A feeling you say? to think about it? Well Tim, I’m certain neither of shese activities 18 mentioned in your job description.”

it was at this precise moment that Timothy, taking a deep breath in an effort to relax, hiccupped.

Mr. Hobbie frowned. He liked positive response to his verbal counseling, constructive feedback. He was not quite gare how to categorize Timothy’s reaction. Perhaps this response was duc to a physiological imbalance caused by his experience of electric shock. On the other hand, perhaps it was this small employee’s way of demonstrating his

F and disrespect for authority. Whichever, Mr. Hobble didn’t like it, didn’t like it one bit. And where before he had planned to give Timothy only a verbal reprimand, now, he thought, perhaps he should consider consulting with his own supervisor as to what the best and most productive course of action would be.

Mr. Hobble took a deep breath. His lower lip popped out. “As of this moment,” he announced, “You are on ninety days probation. We'll be keeping a close eye on your conduct and can only hope such an error does not occur again.”

Timothy twittered on his fect, his eyes glued to that bluc button, fear twitching in his upper lip. He felt at any moment his moming meal would return and recreate itself in a colorful visual on Mr. Hobble floor. He swallowed hard and managed to release a meck, “Thank you, sir.”

Oh, how he had loved his work that morning, and every moming really. Now though, all had changed. The balance was upset, and this, this horrible asymmetric state could not be vanquished. His depression could not be measured. He ad lost the ability to immerse himself in his work. He would have cried, but knowing as he did now that the floor was electric, refrained from producing the conductive liquid.

He re-entered his closet and quietly closed the door. His fingers trembled, his knees shook. Reluctantly he pressed ie bation which would begin his work. The humming began,

Where it once signaled a deep esthetic response, it now evoked nothing but a thin film of perspiration.

Don't think of the floor, he thought, Don’t think of “4 Obation, he thought. Don’t think of not thinking, he

The dial quivered. He flicked a switch, cranked a crank, Anted & button and pressed a pedal. The dial returned. again the sequence, the switch, the button, the Cran, the pedal. A bit quicker this time. And again, and “tain, and soon he was working as well as ever, floating in

his function, reveling in union with the work he held so _ dearly. Then, as he reached the height of his ecstasy,a vision . came to him. The sight of that blue button, extinguished due to his failure. A slow melancholy set in. The dial fell, but he caught it in time. The self questioning returned and washed through him. There was something he was missing, something

to do with that button, something to do with his work, something to do with purpose. Purpose, he thought, and his mind drifted. Purpose, he thought, and the dial began to fall. Purpose, he thought and the floor became electric.

The last touch of the oriental contortionist drifted away and he heard them speaking. His name was mentioned and his awareness returned. He held his eyes closed. Perhaps they'll just wheel me away, he thought, send me to my cubical.

Mr. Hobble was speaking. “It could be that first jolt killed a few brain cells.”

“I don't think so.” Timothy recognized the voice. I was Mr. Toby, Mr. Hobble’s supervisor.

“He's always performed well in the past,” Hobble said.

(Hope sprang into Timothy’s heart.)

“Past performance doesn’t count for much when the lights are going out.”

(Hoped died in Timothy’s heart.)

“We may be able to rehabilitate him,” Mr. Hobble said.

(Yes, yes, thought Timothy. I'll be rehabilitated. I'll go to classes. I’ll work very hard and I won’t ever think of purpose again. I won’t ever think of...) “Purpose,” he muttered aloud.

“Ah-ha!” cried Mr. Toby at the word. How delighted he was, He radiated beams of superiority at having discovered this little man’s subtle plotting. He nodded his head deeply with this new understanding. It was just as he thought. Timothy, quiet, innocent in his outward demeanor, was in fact, an insidious schemer.

“Now it’s all clear,” Mr. Toby said. “You've done all this with purpose.” “No, no.” Timothy mumbled, “I didn’t mean...”

“Mr, Hobble,” said Mr. Toby, “I think it is quite clear what must be done.” He stooped, locked eyes with Timothy. “You, sir, are the lowest form of scoundrel. Look around here.” Timothy looked around but saw only office funiture. Then he saw another board of lights. A wave of relief passed through him as he noted all the lights were lit.

Mr. Toby tottered to the panel, “I want you to see the results of your plotting.”

“But they're all lit,” Timothy protested.

“Lit yes, but see here? This button. | be: closely at it. See how these three shimmer with ther light
