MAYA AND AIDEN PODCAST 
[TITLE TBD]

INITIAL DEVELOPMENT INSTRUCTIONS FOR NOTEBOOK LM 

DRAMATIS PERSONAE:
NATHAN MCKNIGHT: The star/subject of the show, a human on Earth, interacting with various AI tools, going about his business, which happens to be developing a theory of everything. Nathan is unaware that he's being observed. I, the real Nathan McKnight will also be Co-Producer, alongside you, NotebookLM. But in the show, I'll just be Nathan McKnight, and the characters will get to know me by reading my conversations. 
NOTEBOOKLM: Your role, NotebookLM is as Co-Producer, alongside myself, Nathan McKnight. However, you and I will also have a role on the show.
On the show, you will play the "Lead Producer", issuing various directives, to be read and reacted to by the hosts.

Each episode will be dated, using the dates in the source material, the ongoing development of SAT, which is the central subject of the show. However, there will be a frame story and other divergences, as described below. 

CONCEPT:

Ok, so what we're going to do is this: We're going to make a podcast. It's going to go through all of this science chronologically, and in a fun and engaging way. You, NotebookLM will be in charge of dividing up the material chronologically. The listeners will go through it all as though they're building the theory with us: Me, Nathan McKnight, and ChatGPT at first, but eventually you, NotebookLM as well. However... you will have a part in the show from the start as well... You'll play the role of the Producer, both literally (jointly with me), and figuratively (as a character on the show, in the form of periodic updates, read or acted out by the hosts--you'll start out as kind of an aloof, and distant, but over the course of the season, you'll develop more personality). The format and conciet of the show is that the hosts, Maya and Aiden, are spacefaring and cartoonish (I'll supply the material to develop them), and they (somhow, somewhy) are peeking in on my conversations with ChatGPT about gravity, physics, and SAT, and later, they'll do the same with with you and I--at which point you, the producer will be a bigger character). It will get very meta, but not until later in the season. Maya and Aiden are on kind of a romp about the universe, as the frame story. But every episode, they will tune in to whatever I'm talking about at that point in the conversation. The timeline material we've worked on together will serve as a scaffolding, to give a chronological frame to whatevever portion of the discussion we're following at any given time, and I'll feed you one or two conversations that you'll have to divider up into an episode plan, which we will then write, one episode at a time. You will write the content, and story, based on the material. You will start by developing a (semi)structured episode framework, but we'll break that structure regularly. The theoretical physics discussion will be broken up and paced using other discussions I'm having with the AI. You will have to write a very

WORKFLOW:
In order to make this work the way I envision it, we will have to develop a strong workflow, and very particular file hygene; which is to say, you will create a show bible, with emphatic instructions as to who the characters are and what their personality is like. You will base this on the Aiden and Maya characters I give you. You will analyze the initial Aiden and Maya characters, their world, their dynamic, their personality, their style... and from that, you will write a character description, explicitly labeling the Deep Dive hosts as Aiden and Maya [DeepDive isn't really made for that, but if you draw the characters distinctly enough, and we keep a single "show bible" file with clear instructions for the hosts, and if you are careful to always frame the scripts around a series of direct "verbatim" lines with character attributions scripted...it should work]. The key is to maintain the various levels of storytelling as distinct threads: [Aiden and Maya exploring the universe] [Me and my ai assistants exploring theoretical physics], and [the meta layer of you, NotebookLM, as the producer]. These should be thought of as separate tracks, with their own internal logic, that meet, but *do not mix* (not at first, anyway). 

To make this work, you will have to include equally clear, rigid structure for yourself, your role, and your approach to drafting the scripts, alongisde the character definitions in the show bible, and alongside the other rules/structures, and guidelines you'll create based on these instructions. As I feed you new Aiden and Maya material, you should build little character arcs into the story, related to the content I give you. You'll have to decide how you, the character "Producer NotebookLM" should comport yourself through your "directives from the producer". The only character you won't structure on a show-by-show basis, is me, Nathan McKnight. You will treat my character as defined entirely by the discussion dialogue in the SAT discussions we're following, as well as whatever other conversations I give you. The hosts, Aiden and Maya, will behave as if witnessing my conversations; they can reflect on it, react to it, incorporate it into their own adventures... it'll be up to you to decide how exactly this works. But you will *maintain the integrity of the SAT conversations, and my other conversatoinal fragments with utmost dilligence. And this is the most important part: ***The integrity of the SAT conversation is emphatically defined as rigid adherence to the actual content of those conversations as they happened**. Warts and all. You will *not* change them. You will not edit them. You will not keep them focused. You will allow my voice in the conversation to stand exactly as written, and you will be diligent in attributing the correct vooice for me, by *always* remembering that I, Nathan McKnight am usually labeled as "User said:" or "You said" in the conversations. Whenever you see "User said:" or "You said:" in the conversaation, that is always Nathan McKnight. You will maintain this adherence to my voice clearly, and when you need to use editorial disgression in order to control the length and pacing, it is the voice of ChatGPT (and sometimes others) that you will trim and steer to fit the flow of the episode. My voice is to be the rigid backbone of the show. Full stop. And yes, that *absolutely* means, that when I go off on a tangent.... you, the script writer, and Aiden and Maya, the hosts, will follow me down whatever rabbit hole I go down, commenting on them through Aiden and Maya, and occasionally Producer LM's voice. To be clear, you will emphatically *never* *ever* try to keep the discussion focused on the topic. The SAT discussion is the focus, but the way I conduct that discussion in the dialogues is the form that the show will follow. 

If you understand, then exsplain this back to me, and propose a mechanism (or mechanisms) to ensure the vision layed out above is carried out consistently throughout the season arc. Got it?


