EINSTEIN -- OVERVIEWS
This post is coauthored by Manuscript Division archivist Rachel McNellis and Josh Levy, historian of science and technology.

In September 1945, just a few weeks after the end of World War II, Margarita Konenkova was on her way back to the Soviet Union with her homesick, emotionally distant husband, Russian sculptor Sergey Konenkov. Before she left, she entrusted her New York neighbor with a half dozen letters she’d received from the widowed Albert Einstein during their brief, passionate affair. The neighbor, Marjorie Bishop, left instructions that in case of her death, the letters be “burned without further ado.”

Bishop never burned the letters. Instead, in 1969, she gave them to psychoanalyst Muriel Gardiner, Margarita’s friend and her husband’s patron. Gardiner, describing their author only as an “outstanding personality,” sent them to the Sigmund Freud Archives, which then placed them in the Library of Congress where they remained closed to researchers for the next 50 years. The letters, all authored by Einstein between January 4, 1944, and September 25, 1945, finally opened for research in 2019.

Passionate, poetic, and personal, the six letters, written in German, portray a man madly in love. One, postmarked March 9, 1944, includes a sketch of Einstein and Konenkova’s “Half-Nest,” a homey room with a book-covered desk and broad window that strongly resembles the study in Einstein’s Princeton home. Admitting that the sketch is quite simple, Einstein quickly clarifies that he was not drunk when creating it. He simply wished to capture the room he associated with Konenkova and their weekends together.

The letters alternate between big ideas and the human scale of everyday life. In one, Einstein expresses his excitement for Konenkova’s upcoming birthday, but also insists that “birthday parties are stupid bourgeois affairs.” In another, he retreats from his disdain for birthday celebrations, noting how thrilled he was when colleagues Peter and Margot Bergmann gave him Vivaldi concerti for his own birthday – even if it meant he needed to learn to play the violin again.

Einstein professes his love for Konenkova as he recounts his day-to-day life. We see him incapacitated by illness, prevented from sailing due to dangerous weather conditions, attending a Jewish funeral, visiting friends, and smoking the pipes that Konenkova sent him. Then he becomes Princeton University’s most renowned theoretical physicist again. One night, Einstein writes, he invited J. Robert Oppenheimer, Bertrand Russell, Wolfgang Pauli, and Kurt Gödel to his home for a philosophical debate. The letters seamlessly mix Einstein’s human qualities with his genius, the mundanity of his life with its exceptionalism.

Einstein occasionally mentions global politics as well. Just before his assault on the institution of the birthday party he mysteriously states: “I admire Stalin’s sagacity. He does it significantly better than the others, not only militarily but also politically.” No further context is provided. In another letter, penned on September 13, 1945, less than a month after the catastrophic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, he offers support for physicists who opposed the permanent classification of information pertaining to atomic weapons, sharing their fear that such secrecy could negatively impact international relations and threaten another war. He also expresses concern for Konenkova’s personal grief over the alienation between Russians in the United States and those in Russia, referring to it as “a kind of personal expatriation.”

Their affair was, of course, a secret. While Einstein became a widower after the death of his second wife in 1936, Konenkova remained married to her husband Sergey, a brilliant modernist sculptor who was increasingly absorbed in what Muriel Gardiner diagnosed as a “religious mania,” one peppered with prophesies and seemingly based on “the Bible and the pyramids, and maybe his own instincts.” Margarita, charming, sociable, and full of life, must have felt forced to seek company elsewhere. Still, their friends remained discreet. When asked many years later whether Konenkova had an affair with Einstein, Gardiner would only offer, “I certainly hope so! They were two lonely people.”

News of the affair did eventually leak. A 1994 article in the Russian Army newspaper Red Star revealed the discovery of other letters between Einstein and Margarita at Moscow’s Konenkov Memorial Museum. Four years later, Sotheby’s made a global splash with the revelation that not only had Konenkova been Einstein’s lover, she had also worked as a Soviet spy, tasked with extracting information on the atomic bomb and delivering it to the communists. Sotheby’s offered a different batch of love letters to any well-heeled buyer who might be interested in learning more.

It was a good story, and one that certainly succeeded in bringing attention to the auction. But the claim, based solely on the much-discredited memoir of former “Soviet spymaster” Pavel Sudoplatov, has since been greeted with skepticism. Less dramatic, but perhaps closer to the truth, is the Red Star’s account of Margarita being prevailed upon by Soviet vice-consul Pavel Mikhailov for a personal introduction to Einstein while she was deep into a multiyear negotiation to secure the papers needed to return home. In fact, that meeting did take place at Mikhailov’s home in November 1945. As far as we know, there was no follow-up encounter. But Mikhailov did suggest that Einstein rally his fellow scientists to express their concern for international peace, and apparently leaned on Margarita to persuade Einstein to pay a visit to the Soviet Union. That visit might have been something of a propaganda coup, had it occurred.

Needless to say, the six letters at the Library of Congress contain no classified information, and nothing that demonstrates Konenkova was pressing Einstein for nuclear secrets. But they do shed a little more light on a clandestine wartime encounter between two lonely people.

Do you want more stories like this? Then subscribe to Unfolding History – it’s free!

“The neighbor…” Marjorie Bishop, note dated July 9, 1960, Albert Einstein Papers, Box 1, SFC-14, Miscellaneous Manuscripts Collection, Sigmund Freud Collection, Manuscript Division, Library of Congress (hereafter cited as Albert Einstein Papers, SFC-14, Library of Congress). All six of the Einstein letters are in German, and quotations appearing here were translated by Rachel McNellis.

“Gardiner, describing…” Muriel Gardiner to Kurt Eissler, August 27, 1969, Albert Einstein Papers, SFC-14, Library of Congress.

“In one, Einstein expresses…” “Es ist obschön diese Geburtstagerei eine blöde Bourgeois-Angelegenheit…,” Albert Einstein to Margarita Konenkova, March 9, 1944, Albert Einstein Papers, SFC-14, Library of Congress.

“In another, he retreats…” “Für diese werde ich mich wieder im Geigen über müssen,” Albert Einstein to Margarita Konenkova, March 15, 1944, Albert Einstein Papers, SFC-14, Library of Congress.

“Just before…” “Ich bewundere Stalins Klugheit; er macht es bedeutend besser als die andern, nicht nur militärisch sondern auch politisch,” Albert Einstein to Margarita Konenkova, March 9, 1944, Albert Einstein Papers, SFC-14, Library of Congress.

“He also expresses…” “…eine Art persönliche Ausbürgerung,” Albert Einstein to Margarita Konenkova, September 25, 1945, Albert Einstein Papers, SFC-14, Library of Congress.

“While Einstein became…” Muriel Gardiner, “My Friendship with Konenkov, 1926-1945” in The Uncommon Vision of Sergei Konenkov, 1874-1971 (New Brunswick: Rutgers University Press, 2001), 187.

“When asked…” Marie Turbow Lampard, “Sergei Konenkov: An Introduction” in The Uncommon Vision of Sergei Konenkov, 50.

“That visit…” Lampard, The Uncommon Vision of Sergei Konenkov, 50-51; Pavel Sudoplatov, Special Tasks: The Memoirs of an Unwanted Witness, a Soviet Spymaster (Boston: Little and Brown, 1995).

Writing in a neat cursive hand, Albert Einstein strongly condemns racism and segregation in the United States. The words are still relevant today – nearly 80 years later.

Share on Facebook Tweet Forward via E-mail
New York – A letter handwritten in English in 1943 by Albert Einstein – in which he strongly condemns racism and segregation in the United States – is for sale through The Manhattan Rare Book Company at a fixed price of $85,000. The letter is especially relevant now, in today’s racially and politically charged climate, even though it was written nearly 80 years ago.

Dated September 22nd, 1943 and handwritten on his embossed Mercer Street, Princeton (N.J.) stationery, the letter is addressed to Walter F. White, the influential African American Civil Rights leader who led the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (the NAACP) from 1929-1955. Einstein praises White for his work battling racism and prejudice.

Writing in a neat cursive hand, Einstein begins, “Dear Mr. White, I have been quite impressed by the address you delivered some years ago at a meeting of the Princeton Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. I know how hard it is to awaken the conscience even of good-hearted and well-meaning people when deep rooted prejudices are in the way.”

He concludes: “It is a great work indeed which you are doing relentlessly for the betterment of the living conditions of our Colored fellow-citizens, for justice and for the accomplishment of national unity of the American people.” The letter ends, “With sincere respect and kind wishes, Yours, Albert Einstein.” The letter is handsomely matted and framed, with a photo of Einstein.

“Einstein, writing in 1943, notes that he heard White speak ‘some years ago’. Something clearly must have deeply impressed him about White’s speech for him to write this thoughtful letter to White over three years after the event,” said Michael DiRuggiero of The Manhattan Rare Book Company. “It’s also one of the few letters Einstein hand-wrote in English. German was his preferred tongue.”

According to the Princeton Herald, on April 28, 1940 Walter White was the keynote speaker at “an inter-racial meeting sponsored by the Princeton branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People,” where his topic was “What Happens to Democracy When it Encounters the Color Line”. This is the speech that inspired the letter, albeit three years later.

At the time, Princeton University did not admit African Americans, and the community was debating the question as to whether to end segregation at the school. Princeton finally did admit its first African American student, but not until the fall of 1947 – seven years after White’s speech and four years after Einstein’s letter.

In his book Albert Einstein, author Walter Isaacson observed, “To protect the rights of the individual...was Einstein’s most fundamental political tenet. Individualism and freedom were necessary for creative art and science to flourish. Personally, politically, and professionally, he was repulsed by any restraints. That is why he remained outspoken about racial discrimination in America…. As a Jew who had grown up in Germany, Einstein was acutely sensitive to such discrimination. ‘The more I feel an American, the more this situation pains me,’ he wrote in an essay called The Negro Question for the January 1946 issue of Pageant magazine. ‘I can escape the feeling of complicity in it only by speaking out.’” Even more directly, in his 1946 commencement speech to Lincoln University, the first degree-granting Historically Black College and University (HBCU) in the United States, Einstein strongly denounced segregation as “an American tradition which is uncritically handed down from one generation to the next,” noting that, “There is separation of colored people from white people in the United States... That separation is not a disease of colored people. It is a disease of white people. I do not intend to be quiet about it.” The remarkable letter from 1943, apparently unpublished, is one of the earliest examples of Einstein’s interest in condemning racism in the United States. His words are strong and prescient, and resonate just as strongly today as when they were first written. The letter would make a fine and important addition to anyone’s collection. Or, it could also be proudly displayed in a museum.



 

This book
Search...
GO
Volume 1: The Early Years, 1879-1902 Page xlviii

page...
GO

ALBERT EINSTEIN– BEITRAG FÜR SEIN LEBENSBILD BY MAJA WINTELER-EINSTEIN (EXCERPT) Editors' Introduction Einstein's sister, Maja Winteler-Einstein, completed this text, the orig- inal of which is presently in the possession of Dr. Marc Besso of Basel, on 15 February 1924. It is the earliest known draft for a planned biography and covers Einstein's life until 1924. In her foreword, the author notes that she placed the main emphasis on the description of Einstein's youth and the milieu from which he came. These sections, comprising pages 4 through 16 of the 36-page original, are presented here. The text has been edited to conform to currently accepted German usage in punctuation and spelling and will be cited as MWE throughout this volume. Annotation provides supplementary information and corrects inaccuracies. Die familie. Albert Einstein wurde von deutschen israelitischen Eltern geboren. Er war also ursprünglich deutscher Staatsangehöriger, wie übrigens alle seine noch bekannten Vorfahren. Das Geschlecht der Einstein ist in Süd-Deutschland, besonders aber in Württemberg u. Bayern ziemlich verbreitet, u. da die Israeliten bekanntlich oft in die nähere oder entferntere Verwandtschaft einheiraten, besteht auch eine Verwandtschaft der Einstein mit den meisten israelitischen Familien des südlichen Deutschland. Von den weiteren Vorfahren Albert Einsteins ist nichts Näheres bekannt.[1] Sein Grossvater väterlicher Seite, Abraham [1] In 1930 Rabbi Aron Tänzer prepared an Einstein paternal family tree which in- cludes excerpts from the family registers of the Jewish communities in Buchau and Ulm: "Stammbaum des Herrn Prof. Dr. Albert Ein- stein auf Grund amtlicher Unterlagen in den israelitischen Familienregistern in Buchau a.F. und in Ulm ausgearbeitet von Rabbiner Dr. A. Tänzer-Göppingen 1930" (a copy is in the Einstein Archive, in the folder "Family Tree" another copy, differing insignificantly, is in NNLBI, Ar 485, no. 3). Tänzer 1927 in- cludes information about Einstein's maternal relatives, the Koch family. Tänzer 1931 in- cludes an Einstein family tree, with additions by Dr. Arthur Czellitzer based on Tänzer 1927. Unless otherwise indicated, biographical data on Einstein's relatives in the following notes are taken from these sources. 
Previous PageNext Page
Powered by Tizra®  | Terms of Service  | Privacy | Contact us

 
 
 
 
 

Destination page numberSearch scopeSearch Text

Destination page numberSearch scopeSearch Text

 

This book
Search...
GO
Volume 1: The Early Years, 1879-1902 Page 1

page...
GO

1. Birth Certificate Ulm am 15. März 1879. Nr. 224. Vor dem unterzeichneten Standesbeamten erschien heute, der Persönlichkeit nach bekannt, der Kaufmann Herman Einstein wohnhaft zu Ulm Bahnhofstraße B Nr. 135.[1] israelitischer Religion, und zeigte an, daß von der Pauline Einstein geb. Koch seiner Ehefrau israelitischer Religion, wohnhaft bei ihm zu Ulm in seiner Wohnung am vierzehnten März des Jahres tausend acht hundert siebenzig und neun Vormittags um elf ein halb Uhr ein Kind männlichen Geschlechts geboren worden sei, welches den Vornamen Albert[2] erhalten habe Vorgelesen, genehmigt und unterschrieben Hermann Einstein Der Standesbeamte. Hartmann PDS (GyUS, Geburtsregister 1879). The handwritten portions are printed in italics. Notes on dates and places of Einstein's two marriages, added in 1919 at the end of the document, are omitted. [1] Redesignated Bahnhofstraße 20 in 1880, the building was destroyed in 1944 (see Speaker 1979, pp. 59, 63). [2] In accord with Jewish custom, Einstein was named in Hebrew after a deceased rela- tive, his paternal grandfather Abraham Rup- pert Einstein (1808-1868). The family register kept by the Jewish community of Ulm (see Tänzer 1931) listed Einstein's first name as "Albert (Awrohom)," and gave his date of birth as "1879, 14. März, Freitag, den 19. Adar, 5639," according to the "Stammbaum des Herrn Prof. Dr. Albert Einstein auf Grund amtlicher Unterlagen in den israelitischen Familienregistern in Buchau a.F. und in Ulm ausgearbeitet von Rabbiner Dr. A. Tänzer- Göppingen 1930." Copies of this Stammbaum are deposited in the Einstein Archive, folder "Family Tree," and in NNLBI, Ar 485, no. 3. 
Previous PageNext Page
Powered by Tizra®  | Terms of Service  | Privacy | Contact us

 
 
 
 
 
