—'

parentless children anyway. The other local
difficult to avoid. The boys were testing their o, le

from the deep, and the local girls formed litle pars Mi Ith girls
down the staircase, breaking up and coalescing é Tye Re aed
random wanderings of a herd of loose goats. Bus keane the
year after year, every time dawn came and Baopies rat
for the Test of the Eye, where the children bathlncacrte
Now, it was her turn and she wandered alone, ana

She traversed the paths and corridors ofthe v
completing a huge, meandering circuit. Eve tywhere, the
people. Returning to the village center, she heard ;
voice call out, “Oolee. Ooloolooolcee...”

A woman she recognized pecked out oy cr a wall
across the street from her father’s old house. “Oolee, you're
going to come of age so nicely, You must’ve worked hard on
that outfit. Why aren’t you joining the processions?”

“I don’t really have anybody to 20 with.”

The woman pursed her lips and nodded, seeming to
understand, Oolee had passed this place hundreds of times—
the woman lived there as long as she could remember, since
before her father went away—yet this was the first time she
had spoken more that five words to her.

“Maybe we can help each other. If you were to take
over my stand for a while, I could get more pickling spice and
you could have a chance to show off to the boys from the
deep villages. We’ve had such a busy day, even for Celebration
time, you know. I just have to run up the stair a couple of
landings for more catgut.” The woman smiled warmly, “I trust

you know the value of goatskin footings?”

Children Were more

illage,
Te Were
&@ Woman’s

+ 95.2

Time sped and Oolee had only made one trade-two

pots of pickled mushrooms for a pair of footings-before the
woman returned. Oolee continued bartering while the woman
sewed pitch between multiple layers of leather to form resilient
soles. Patrons came in waves, charmed to do business with a
local girl. They were surprised by Oolee’s sense of duty,
choosing to stay here and help out her mother while the other
girls flaunted their own wares before jeering adolescent boys.
“Are youalready betrothed?” asked one older gentleman before
hinting that his son would do good to find such an independent
woman. She smiled inwardly. The thought of leaving the village
with a boy from the deep appealed to her more than she
would have expected. Coming of age was full of surprises.
Maybe, just maybe...she thought. Regardless of the outcome
of the day, it was glorious to be spared the perpetual taunting
she had endured all her life.

One of the local boys led a group of children, mostly
girls, down the little street, playing tour guide, “Here we have
my own home.” It was the tall mud-flinging boy. “This is one
of the best stands in Goatwood village. Better than anything
you'll find at the bazaar proper.”

© other childr
@Painst all the

N Were enthralled
war

They pressed
stroking, covertly
One of the boys
approval of the
£, stuffing them
t. She remained

es, touching,

ay, Ole h
f¥ed Oolee, taki mted ot to notice

©) taking her Pp
» He tabbed fat
Y White line
ad down,

ASSIVity as silent
handfuls of footin,
N Celebration outfi


pea pot down and spun round.
th hands. Just as she faced the boy,
arm and knocked the headdress to the filthy cave floor.

“I thought that was you. Ladies and gentlemen,” he
Cone pectic and girls from the deep, “meet
s irl,

All the children started laughing, but stopped
abruptly, The woman who ran the stand was standing with
one hand on her hip and the other Squeezing deeply into the
flesh of a terrified thief. “Oolee. By the Angry God, pay
attention. This boy almost got away with a whole bolt of my
best cloth.”

The woman rang a huge bell that hung near the
shelves. A head-the woman’s husband’s-stuck out an upper
story window. “Get the priest, dear. I've got some trouble
here.”

offering it forth with
he reached out a long

“| notice you slept with the goats again,” began the
priest.
Secing an advantage, the thief from the deep
interjected “She told me I could take them.”
“[ will be talking to your parents, boy. Now, go.
You may have to abstain from the Coming of Dawn ceremony.
He gestured for the boy to leave through the front door, which
he did, head hung low. “As for you Oolee, it is certain that you
cannot be trusted to act appropriately. Take your headdress
ic and put them back in the alcove.
pee els to speak, and uncertain whether to lie or tell
the truth in her defense, Oolee just sce her — disbelief.
i tive noi:
Id only make incoherent plaints
pens “It Aeon time for the Coming of Dawn ceremony.
: i Oolee, go and do as I say and
Now, come with me children. ,

sleep out the rest of the day with your goats.

Ak

i, her hands went out, incised by a sharp corner of
er hands

foot slid ‘Oolee let out a yelp and ended up flat. On her belly,

flooring. the warm floor, her body exposed. She froze,

inst ‘ ;
chock 988 ant death, squeezing her eyes so tight that the

necting inst
Coes of bet forehead trembled.
m

Be strong, the voice was quiet in her head. She tried

one what the priest would advise now, but no soothing
oy agtaten pronouncements presented themselves, Be
words a r wished there was more, but those were the only
Beer abs bad. Sho wanted to ask him. “How? How can I be
words

inst the wrath of the Angry God?”
aataiet know whether to get up and run, or to stare up
into the face of God and take her punishment without fear.
She tried picturing the priest in this situation, splayed an
out on the chapel floor. The scene of his huge bulk
flailing in terror would have thrown her into fits of
laughter, if she weren't afraid for her own life.
Oolee stood up. She pulled the robe
back on, not bothering to make sure it was secure
or concealing. She remembered her father’s
stories. As a young girl, she had been shocked
that anybody had ever gone above the chapel.
Even the idea of anything up there was terribly
confusing. Her father described the Uplands like f
an infinite playground. She had never asked him *
what God had said. She imagined the face of the Angry
God smiling on her father and his friends. He was
special. She was special too.

It was the first time she believed those
words, though her father had told her over and again.
The Angry God had allowed her nakedness before him.
Truly, she was untainted by the sin of humanity. Perhaps
years of being ostracized was enough punishment for one girl,
Truly, she was special. Even the priest occasionally sounded
reverent when he admonished her for being ashamed of her fur.

Ofcourse, she wasn’t truly naked. She walked the last distance
across the narthex in a straight line, fearless.


“You indolent girl. Do you know you could have
brought the wrath of God down on us all? What were you
doing in the chapel during the light hours anyway?”

“I thought the light didn’t come until the ceremony
started, so I just...”

“The light of God didn’t shine straight on you, did
it? No, of course not. Now surely you would be dead if that
were so. You must never enter the light of the Angry God
again. Never.”

She wanted to ask him if it was really true, what her
father had told her, that humans could go to the Aboveland, at
least those with the goat in them, but she didn’t interrupt the

Pricst’s tirade. Besides, it was blasphemous to even think a
human might enter Heaven,

“The tiniest little hint that we're down }

you'll be the doom of the whole village, Our God ing and

god. You go and study now.” Urioy,
The cat skinked near the fissure entrance

the smoke. Oolee picked it up and dropped it Ho,
and

n

descended the stairs, with no intent of studying, In
found a corner of the goat pens where she could sit

SEAM, she
aNd Ponder

Bie

Oolce faded in and out of sleep, resting ona
heaving ribcage. The goats’ fur was soft, unlike anything e|
she’d known in her life. Moss was soft, but Rasy
scratchy, and even the robes weaved of goat fen
scratchy and lacked the sheen of the goats’ bodies
The only thing that reminded her of the
goat hair was her father’s furry head, Her own hair
was so thin and short that she couldn’t run her
fingers through it. She remembered playing with
her father’s hair while he slept. She dug her
in the goat’s fur and missed the strong arms of
her father, of which the goats were no Simulacn

2246

Oolee was roused by a noisy crowd. She
pulled herself up to look over the fence,
Goatwood was awash with people from the deep

villages. They bantered with the locals, and traded
their tools and food for goat products and other
local specialties. The bartering was vigorous, but
polite, Deep villagers seemed to treat those of Goatwood like
benevolent masters, and the Goatwood villagers seemed to
take it for granted. Maybe it would have been reversed if it
was the high villagers who descended into the depth of the
carth for all the major celebrations, or maybe it was just their
proximity to the light of God that gave them a special relevance,
Children were frocked in festive tunics that draped
the ground, some made of pelts, others decorative parchment.
Oolee raced for the village center, where her own celebratory
clothing was hanging in the priest’s alcove. The priest was
out, so Oolee pulled them off their hook and donned them on
her own. The outfit was light and delicate; she had worked
with the pale brown parchment for months, embossing itwith
gold and green, sometimes getting patches stuck to her fingers
by the seaming pitch and having to start again, The tunichad
a high neck, long sleeves and its bottom brushed her foot tops,
the goat fur trim tickling, On her head, she carefully
headdress made from woven strips of fine cat leather,
into loops that traced Oolee’s forehead, neck, and «
costume left no hair exposed, °
In opulence, Oolee walked the \
newcomers, finding it easy to avoid the gaze
were engaged in transactions, too busy

OO Fe COE | CE Oe a.

Oolee slowly uncurled and stood in the co
cat ona fencepost, eyes darting about in search whine er like a
from her little piece of firmament in the suddenly-roiling pet ;
of light. Dust motes swirled and dodged like apesaated Ente
jt was like her father had told her, everything took ve gnats.
jiveliness in the Light of God. The air seemed to Hbdatha liscle

in. Oolee’s eyes had trouble seeing anything b
t
light that impaled her workspace. igs ek ntl:

She squinted at the earthen walls, the pitchy timbers.

the wheelbarrow full of peat bricks, and the s' 1
Ss, e st
along the wall to her side. rae

“There's a robe; an old robe under the fuel bricks.”
“Knock them over. Just get the robe. Even if *
have to expose yourself to the light to do it. Get the shes
She attacked the pile she'd carefully stacked ate
the last weeks. The falling bricks further dusted the cele
turbid air. She tore down to the soggy bottom. x
Under the fuel stack, was fabric. She remembered
putting it there at the priest’s request in order to shield the

fading at the edges to the
ruddy gray of dried blood.
Its weave, once fine, had
suffered terribly in its
defense of the floorboards.
Oolee wondered if it was
even wearable.

Though it bore
tremendous gashes, the size
of the robe, doubled over
several times, ensured
Oolee’s little body complete
coverage. “I’m putting the
robe on. I think it will work.”

“Go, Oolee. Cover up, and go.”

“I’m afraid.” The robe dripped moist stench.

“Move like a falling leaf, dear. Take as many steps
as you can. The narthex is big and you are small.”

Oolee threw herself through the complaining hatch,
the priest's disembodied voice shouting “Be strong,” now
drowning out in the wood-against-wood squeal of the ancient
narthex door. The chamber’s walls were stone, but they were
smooth as skin-furless skin. These walls had been hewn from
the same stone as the caverns where the village nestled, These
walls were made so long ago that it made her think of the
priest, the elders, and even the buildings of the village itself'as
newborns, fresh to the world,

She took a few steps to the left, backed up a step,
danced to the right, then paused. She resisted the urge to bolt
for the other side. That would be lunatic. She'd be seen, she
knew, if she tried it, No, herescape must be a meandering one.
Trying to blend into the woodwork, keeping her grimy mantle
tight around her body, pinned with both hands to her chest,

under Goatwood
Voiced the priest's
a shield. Be stron words from memory, trying to make them

Sacred tex
an enormous shadow i

hide Oolee fi
Pig ceo Tom the face of God. Yet, he was below, down in

Oolee flailed at the
air, trying to grab
handsful of smoke...


. yi
and random, B "ying hard to keep her movements natural

ut her legs felt soft and weak as moss. She

g.
he to picture him at the altar, reading from
in stone. His massive pallidness that excised
in the fire-lit chapel. Surely he could

The only way to fool God was the Dance of the

Pes Hom hs ackd bite of the Ibuanses hie tobe <aattttal eye nage of the Falling Leaf. She placed her feet at
’ eS,

taking random strides, slow and erratic, to
ensure that from above,
God's reckoning would not
see in her motions the telltale
efficiency of a human.

Cursed beings, they
all were, she had known it
from a thousand sermons’
exhortations. Yet, it was
never clear to her what they
had done to deserve
banishment from the
Aboveground, the Uplands,
Heaven. Sins against God

were the words of the priest.
Unnamed sins from a thousand generations ago were the
words her father had once hissed in her ear while the priest
admonished his flock never to forget their God-fearing nature.
But once, they’d walked on the Aboveground and
danced in celebration. She didn’t know how much of the Faith
to believe, but even her father accepted those basic truths.
When she was a child, her father made bedtime stories out of
what he claimed were real occurrences from his own childhood.
Stories about villagers who could skirt the eyes of God. Others

i iddle of atile, and avoiding
feet, Jacing each one square inthe middle : i
the on tiles. Her makeshift body-covering tugged a oe
on her shoulder. As she took a lage stds Ose. Her
fragmented tiles, she was jerked back, and missed

fye of the Angry God

“Respect the pig,” father began as always, hands
clasped together, head slightly bowed. “We, unlike other creeds,
know from whence our bounty flows. Respect the pig, our
sacred heart, our life, our joy. Amen.”

The pig was kept in the basement where they washed it and
fed it according to its pleasure. It was average pig I suppose.
Some families had more robust, more capable and more
productive pigs. Ours, well, it was adequate.

The pig ate money. And not just any money. It had
no taste for money that was not seasoned with sweat and
sacrifice. It snorted at windfalls and cash gifts. It was a fairly
picky pig. But in return for it’s feeding the pig provided. Yes,
the pig provided.

The first time I actually saw the pig was when
grandmother died. Mother held my hand and we went to
petition the pig of some assistance.

Mom had a few notes she managed to wrestle from
Lady Bee downtown in exchange for some housecleaning. She
offered them up to the pig and I watched amazed as it devoured
them. As it did so its skin glowed a bright pink. Then she
Tubbed its belly and preyed that it provide a coffin for her


poor departed mother. No sooner had she finished when a
knock came at the door and old Mr. Cally appeared with an
offer to construct a coffin free of charge as a gift to our family.

So it went. The pig worked in mysterious ways.

Yet there was something horrific about watching the
pig eat hard earned money. It would stare at you as it munched,
watching as if it knew exactly what you were thinking. And in
my case perhaps it did.

I’m not an evil man. Though now, out here by the
fire, there’s a certain joy I’ve experienced of late. It’s a
mischievous satisfaction with myself 1 guess.

The pig had held the place of honor in the family. It
got the best bedding, the warmest room, and the best
entertainment. They even put on shows for the damn thing.
The most excessive attention and caring was lavished on the
pig. It was bathed daily, powdered, oiled, all this
even as it was worshipped....and feared—— ~~

Oh yes, they were terrified F rightly
so... the pig had acruel streak. On many occasions after feeding
and prayers the pig would wallow and glow and finally produce
nothing more than a nasty belch. The family always pr
itself. As if somehow they had not taking propet care °
