Crites

with a golden bear emblem on the breast pocket, He shovels mulch into a wheelbarrow. -33-

Next door, Walt stretches his serpentine garden hose and mists his rose bushes with a Miracle-Gro formula dispenser attached. Sam Cooke sings about his insufficient knowledge of biology and history from an intercom radio in Walt’s garage.

I step outside over the pregnant Sunday paper and stretch, reaching up toward the sun, curling my toes against the hot cement. My shirt lifts and a purple dust bunny pokes its head out of my navel. I inspect it, squinting in the languor of the sunlight. Walt stares at me, then looks across the street at Sam who nods like I’m the joke they’re in on.

But they don’t see me. They see the clumps of fescue taking over our bluegrass. They sce the weeds in the cracks of the sidewalk. They sec the garage door, some of it blue, most of it splotchy green. My father stopped painting the house mid brushstroke, Maybe the green paintisn’t the right color. Maybe he threw up his arms and tossed his tee shirt to the ground, speckled with drops of paint, where it now sits next to a turbid paint bucket thinned with rainwater. The ladder is upright under the gutter. Thick green creeps over the light blue like a seeping spill. Some days it seems it has bled further across the garage door, : I wait for my father to dip his dry paintbrush back into the bucket. ‘ore and he can only shake the Maybe his arm 1s 8 s, The inspiration left him, feeling back into it so many time:

peered at peered at “Grandfather,” said the girl. “All the firearms were

sold for the move. sat backs A

“We have to drive it off. If it lames a horse we'll be stuck. : : : k” I watched as the old man closed his eyes to think. It that.” was very quick. When he opened them again he looked directly mumbled. “What's out there? atme. :

I could not respond. My mind had ceased vision was functioning. I could offer nothing but a resigned chuckle. to talk but “He’s delirious,” the girl said.

“We could set him back on the street where we found developing a him.”

“We can’t just throw him out.” “Yes, we could. But as soon as it was finished with him we might be next.” heard the slow “[ tried to kill it,” I said weakly trying to focus.

‘The old man shook his head. He twisted around and opened a box at the side of the wagon. He took out the blade that I had carried.

“Stay here,” he ordered. Taking a lamp he went out through the front of the wagon.

“What’s he doing?” I asked. don’t think it’s Koshka just shrugged her shoulders. Then a coldness came into her gaze. “Ifhe gets harmed you won’ t live through the night.” and the reward

We sat for some time in the darkness I tried to tell her what had happened but could not order my thinking. The horses had quieted and except for the natural sounds of the old man from woods we heard nothing. sat the frail I tried to think. I considered my position. | was softly at me. damned between two fates. Probable death if they left me to the boar or return to the village and my punishment. My wagon, frantic condition made me helpless and my fate was entirely in the hands of this old man and young woman. And though it was not simple kindness they had exercised in taking me in nevertheless they had saved my life. My return to the village and a flame would give them some reward. More than myself could off: ‘The boar was a different matter, It had its own course position. My of action and that now concerned these people as well 38 cloth satchel. I had no doubt the beast could lame the horses 35 the moment. myself, the horses they stood tied and even the three of us ‘would pose litle threat to the animal. A wave of gilt touched me. These PoP mandemanded. _diid not deserve this. ——
