| had the cabby let me out in front of the Snack-O-

j and I walked the remaining two blocks back to my

The butterflies of excitement had

t building. apartmen sed into little worms of anxiety deep in my gut. I

to watch one of my bases and metamor?

Jing like | had forgotten ept fee

had stolen third right under my nose. I came to the

y heart skipped a beat as I saw

artment and m oor of MY ap

had been forced. I put my hand to my shirt pocket ee remembered the

iness card. yee | pulled the 38

I was tired of con-

i ster and pushed poe with my foot. The apartment was silent.

crete, tired of glass Nothing seemed in disarray. j moved quickly through the jiving room, bedrooms, and

and aluminum, bath. Evelyn was gone. | stopped in the spare bedroom when | saw two

bored with honking en | thought it was odd that Evelyn hadn't

and car exhaust,

joned any doctor visits tome. Then I picked up “4

lying on the manilla aessogs. These were the

tired of the midphotos Evelyn had taken that morning, the ones of the

night cries, nause- NetCom bigwig and his mistress. Something was

ated by the morning wrong with this picture, and when I examined it closely, I realized what it was. Her

news, bodies in the man wasn’t a NetCom bigwig at all. All the NetCom highpillows shaved

river. their heads, even the women, as some kind of corporate ritualistic behavior. This guy had a full head of hair. | emptied out the contents of the envelope on the desk and stared dumbfounded. There were several more photos of her bigwig and his girlie, and also a

man as a MegaSoft CEO. personal dossier, identifying the

my now-deceased English Behind these were three photos of friend.

; I sat down on the couch and let the pistol and the

hands and briefcase fall to the floor. | dropped my head in my tried not to panic, | tried to think of any rational reason for Evelyn to leave without locking the door, What the hell was

peregrine before I did, She would Boing on? She knew about the have been using microphones and bugs on her target as well,

a wae

and I guessed that he had taken a

shannon rampe

all concerning the runaway.

F ac She had gone after him then and

apparently sent him to me. But why? | looked up at the m it Was written in Evelyn’s Gaal i

age board by the phone. On

name and a number that had not been there earlier: Patrick 2

29-5007. And the message light on the phone Was blinking cies I pressed the play button:

“Mister Anderson, the Fretcase you have is important to us

and useless to you. Your

wife is useless to us and

important to you. Ergo, a

trade should be made. In

front of the library at two

a.m. Thank you.” The

machine beeped at the end

of the message. The voice

was cold and businesslike. I

shivered. | was scared and

angry. | knew this was all

her fault somehow, some

plot of hers. But what could

I do? I love her.

| picked up the phone

and dialed Patrick.

7

An hour later I was

inside the library, the

briefcase in one hand and

the 38 in the other, To my

comfort, the place was

empty. I'd brought my

thermographic binoculars

along this time and peered

out a second story window

to the street below. It was

empty. I scanned the

windows of the office

buildings across the street

for any gunmen. Empty

again. | put down the

binoculars and looked out

the window in a sad sort of

way. The city was almost

beautiful at night. From this

height you could look down and see the park where no one

river beyond that and then a

took their children to play, the

inst the night sky. | thought of

line of ashy tenements aga

she done this? Then | remembered the

Evelyn again. Why had )

her eyes that night as she

wedding, the empty look in

just didn’t have the money to

reluctantly agreed with me. We

at the suitcase in my hand.

E

move out of the city. I stared

ing the

| rubbed my eyes, keeps

“Goddamn...” | whispered.

3.

j The

+1 front of the Library.

="

tness away.

ed ta 8 tint, | thought of

x A black SUV stopP

2)

pallid orange

streetlamps g4V© everything @

the showdowns in the westerns I watched on television asa boy. | stuffed the binoculars inmy pocket, holstered the pistol, and walked out of the front door of the library. Two men stepped out of the SUV; suits. Ronny would have been in love. [held up the briefcase. The suit from the passenger side opened the door and Evelyn climbed out of the vehicle, I walked forward slowly and the second suit led Evelyn up to the sidewalk. The first suit kept his gun trained on me, “I wish to thank you, Mister Anderson, for your prompt assistance in this matter.”

“Kiss my ass,” I said. I sat the briefcase down at the bottom of the Library steps. The second suit let go of Evelyn's arm and picked up the briefcase, then backed away, He was also carrying a gun. My heart thumped hard in my chest, my hands were clammy. I'd had too many guns pointed at me that night. Evelyn wrapped her arms around me and I held her close. Her lip was swollen and bloody, but her face grim, her eyes dry.

“T have to tell you something,” she whispered.

“Well, chaps,” I said, “since you've got your bricfease and I’ve got Evelyn, we're just going to take off now.”

“IT set this all up,” she whispered again, “I heard about the peregrine and sent him to you. I thought it would be casy moncy.”

“Ah, not quite yet sir,” said the first suit. “You of course understand that I have to examine the case to make sure it hasn’t been tampered with. And then of course, I'll have to shoot you both.”

the floating liars’ club is a fine forum to promote your Columbus

We offer full page, half page, column, and business-card sized

rates.

We also offer special design, layout, and writing services for featured

Please inquire about ad space at: floatingliarsclub @hotmail.com $i

“I know. It’s okay. I love you,” | whispered to Evelyn. Then I called out to the suit. “I've seen enough plugs fly tonight, thank you. And you'll want to watch that case, it’s a Koening model 472 and if you miss the right combo, it goes boom.” P

The suit ignored me and fumbled with the little golden suitcase dials. “Ah, there we go,” he said as he flipped open the latches. I grabbed Evelyn's arm and pulled her to the sidewalk under me. The briefcase exploded in a burst of flame, incinerating the suit who was holding it, and blowing the other into the SUV. I pulled Evelyn behind a statue of Abe Lincoln and the SUV exploded like a small volcano, “Goddamn gas hogs.”

I couldn’t help it. I started to laugh. I looked at Evelyn, saw the tears standing in her eyes. I helped her to her fect, heard my own knees creaking as I stood up. “I’m too old for this stuff. It’s time to retire. Let's scoot, more button men will be here soon.” She nodded and we hobbled down a dark alley hand in hand.

“So you set me up.”

She looked into my eyes, trying to read my expression, trying to figure out how angry I was.

“I figured it out when I saw the photos. Then I rang Patrick. He cracked the box for me then altered the combination. But honey, if you wanted to move, I would have taken a second job.”

She shook her head. She was crying now. “It wasn’t just moving. Getting another job would have taken too long. I'm pregnant.”

business.

ads at competative

advertisers.

Advertise!
