na

je. He

e ry

ig throat, “ they do and i! y she's

petend 10 Je you hurt. You Wht iste

just trying * ooking 4 rectly at Wallace. Mao

een of that clock, its black and white s¢

more aw

complacency: poy got his slides back from the photo

shop. Going give us

ies

erie! aac

ed bottle of

: Wallace fell quiet. He tormented hims¢ per

sked.

memories, his own slide:

aaa to Martha. The red second hand ticked in ser ies Hick

ister’s. He y

ircles

hated how she involved her family in their prob

idn’ i tances of that night at as (

didn’t even remember the circums' 8

chosen and every action done considerately to avoid any blow heart was going to push t

it on the nightstand, would he have followed throug

To Wallace, his cheating wasn’t out of spite or

unhappiness, but temptation, It was nothing malicious, really, asked the engineer.

just a taste of something else like choosing the kettle chips

over the Cheetos from the vending machine. It was a ago.”

spontaneous temporary craving for something different. No “You better stop sassi tli

a xt she thought in the silence they shared during away, the fitful sasiaaan failed = eae -

ow he wanted everything back. He wanted to stop

prc aa the intense quiet of breakfast their incompetence.” That was enou foe Desie raed

, :

vue plates. F : pa iy eggshell crack.

waiting on the clock, Wallace felt flushed and is ot ai rent

product codes at a computer.

Through the gaps between the sh

a «hg joked about,

his goggles and panic, De a meinem throw down You Okay? somebody asked him.

: lace watched :

ntents of a cardboard =

engineers huddled around hj :

roup of

put their effort was unproductiy.

d toward the stock room with ral :

pehind his cart and thought, fuck, tel

rt trembled. ,

led the mob into the stock hi

ngineet ‘

aq? with t roun pease henip Pe ee

peting the sae Whe cool on the matter with a explana 7456 So.” Deeder said. him, it

ngineer S$ appee Side hi c

wyou gotany in” THE engineer asked. Wallace kney,

‘ou gO" was simply for effect. Deeder » ie

st ds on the clock made minute anhher if this pseudo-catechism typed in 1

Spare Wallace itched to be home he aeree the code. we :

“No, nothing.- * the engineer said. The

“Yeah, nothing,’ - The group around <

4 their arms, some sneered. “Nothing. Exactly wha

a presentation on nis call without the order 0 2 @ week and

nly take three days Airborne Express,

a half ago- They 0

looked back at his gaggle that nodded jn

imself with Marty.” The enginer

show of episodes of his love and U rig ais Geena sohednle’ rrhis fackd Be ;

isn’t our shipment here?” , circles, Wallace thought maybe she had gone to aa Wallace “Wallace, you know anything about a Z-2456 order?” Deeder

“7.2456,” Wallace said, his voice cracking - hotel when he squandered the peacefulness of his routine. : Every word he shared with his wife since then was delicately ons. He swallowed hard and thought his _

pubescent like inflecti

h through his chest and gargle like the

hwith it? any Z-2456s,” Wallace said.

“You put the order form in the basket?”

“Yes, | put it in the fucking basket a week and a hi: if

Th ee

t e engineers began i

couple of times before the prea pose oe om fternoon in the stoc room, while penitent him off, before Allae

inventory Wallace perched ; ttle

ammunition belt Bate stern, his thumbs entwined

i ¥ major corporations to land Gotten on the skyline made the black | ‘

slant raven on its back; its belly the ¢ ee

.

hers :

Peaks right?”

bg Gey oven his Sudanese him Crosee™ f these I submitted

Sait

penn

up. He wondered if the Gideon's wasn’t in a drawer, ifhe saw mangled creature from Alien. “Nah, don’t know anything ab

wero ti voice in his stupefied mind stopped him, you’re talking.” F ae ocala a Ea

peace eo =a g spoons in ceramic bowls, forks engineer from behind and rc who tackled

marveled at the sprays of sparks bursti shelves, Wallace away from the sh ¢ boat jerked underneath him, shiftit work area. They were goggled m Ce in the engineers’ to the black r shore. He looked up from his snakeskin 20 futuristic machines implemented by majgy en te. BIOW of shoreline far off in the distance. An irides®
