liars’ club

contents

The Lion in the Parking Lot.......--. 4

joe bellomy

The Dark Continent Episodes.........6

benjamin crites

Eye of the Angry God.........++ssre012

nathan mcknight

Walking Along the Mobius Strip....21 we shannon rampe

The Money Pig........... mx?!

Joe bellomy by EY@SOFEeS.........00eceesscesscescsesccees 33

SPytOWN...ccsseseerseeeeeeeseereeerseees 39

shannon rampe

about the contributors........0++0+ Publications, September 2002 & AS rights reserved. of Columbus, Ohio. SS

i thine their effort was unproductive yy 3 i uy of engineers huddled around hj \ with 4afiied toward the stock room with wal t dows behind his cart and thought, fc, the sat led the mob into the stock b trembled. ; ineer i tful eng ‘4 Deeder, furtively seeking aroun c 56. $0,” Deeder said. e engineer slapped down 2 form beside him, § i . The engineer asked. Wallace ney t any in?” ‘an was simply for effect. Deedertypedin ° ic. ee “No, nothing. F : eval nothing,” the engineer said. The group around cros ra the order of these I submitted a veel al ;: , some sneered. “Nothing. Exactly can do without the _ They only take three days Airborne Express, ked back at his gaggle that nodded iy “This puts us behind schedule. This fucks us, Marty, Why the fuck isn’t our ything about a Z-2456 order?” Deede; shipment here?” “Wallace, you know an} asked. P 4 “7-2456,” Wallace said, his voice cracking pubescent like inflections. He swallowed hard and thought! heart was going to push through his chest and gargle like the mangled creature from Alien. “Nah, don’t know anything abo Z-2456s,” Wallace said. “You put the order form in the basket?” D asked the engineer. f

“Yes, | put it in the fucking basket a weck anda h ago.”

“You better stop sassing me. I don’t like the wa you're talking.” q

The engineers began to disperse. As away, the fitful engineer flailed his arms and incompetence.” That was enough for Deeder, who tackled: engineer from behind and smashed his face into the g couple of times before the 3 passed out. others pulled hin off bios

ammunition belt. The boat jerked underneath hi away from the shore. He ieakad Ga ht ies eae the black shoreline far off in the distance. An iri slow of purple fringed on the skyline made the

Nathan

The goats slept fitfully, dreaming whatever it was that goats dreamt. They formed a warm, fidgeting pile, undulating with the sighs of sleep. Oolee embraced a small kid. The dreams of the goats failed to disturb her. It was the yeaning noises of a nanny goat that raised her from her hard fought nap. She pulled herself out of the fold. Itchy and blearyeyed, she picked her way through the pen. She wanted to try on her Celebration outfit, but she knew the priest wouldn’t let her until she’d finished her lesson.

SE O58 Oolee sat crosslegged on the edge of a landing near the goat pens. The staircase was a series of broad terraces; soil Packed hard behind dams of wood. There were saddles worn deep into each, giving the whole a Sagging appearance, It Stretched perhaps a thousand flights above her and nearly the same below. The great staircase dwarfed the whole village, climbing up and out through fissures in the cave ceiling, and es ina pool of cess at the vi Hage foot. cople milled around on the higher landings, some — returning from the ceremonies, others nude and papas <¢ practiced her letters, yawning. She carved with a little

of me. | looked at her form ly ing her hips up to her bre of hee Pek hd ie with my eyes, and saw the shadow in our bed, traced the curve of tess Bead ae dim lighting, Evelyn and [have been she was just setae 8. The first six months of our relationship employer. This wor ing me for information to sell to her who was also sleepin Rebeecas was trying to use Evelyn, Library at the jE i les the assistant director of the Public Information. She . 2 Arey me from getting the promotion to the job. Well it goo “ also one of the possible candidates for than money, even pe show you that love is more important seabed enone IS City, cause we fell in love and she told Setup, She provided me with info I needed to get Our assistant dir Promotion to Information th: flys = a ‘ector shitcanned, a z , and the director gave me tl up Rebecca's sources a hens: ane facts, she quit shortly and contacts, and shi anks to her. | prom: ae Slat Evelyn and I have been together ever since. I figure she probably sells me out left and right, as long as its nothing $ snous . information about her jobs more than once to a contact or two el cnough to get me killed. I have to admit I’ve traded a mine. We love and trust each other, and both understand that the lack of confidentiality just comes with the way of life. cat imov ed silently through our apartment, gathering a ew things and thinking again about that tight-lipped smile she gave me earlier. I stopped in the spare bedroom that we shared as an office. A pair of envelopes lay on the desk. One envelope was white, business size, and had the address of Evelyn's doctor on it. The other was a large manilla envelope. Laying ‘on top was a black and white photograph of a man in a suit -4lholding a young gitl’s hand. They were standing in front of a sleazy-looking motel. Something struck me odd about the picture, and | held it up to inspect it. Behind me I heard Evelyn stir. I didn’t want her to catch me snooping, so I shut out the lights and left the apartment

The April evening air was warm so I decided to walk the six blocks to O’Mally’s. | tumed down a couple of streets and sidestepped into an alley to make sure no one was tailing me. Not that it mattered so much, anybody who knew me at all knew I was a regular at O’Mally’s dive. The front door was standing open and cigarette smoked was rolling out, accompanied by the rollicking horns of an old jazz standard. Two young couples were drinking beers and employing the pool tables near the door. Old O'Mally himself was running the bar, half a dozen locals were sitting around it, One guy I recognized as a small time fence, another guy was a shadow, and Ruth traded in information, like myself. She'd been doing it since she was a teenager, back in the thirties and forties, had worked with my dad in the sixties and seventies, and was mostly blind now, but she noticed me come in and simply aa There were a few people at the tables. A fat shadow .d her head. = in the comer I knew to be Ronny sat alone, ering a maaan: I went up to the bar, O’Mally was already filling Le ba 1 carried it over to Ronny’s table and sat down. is pla deaf?” I asked.

McKnight

knife in the foot-polished dirt, but she had trouble focusing on her monochromatic slate. Deciding that she'd gotten up too early, she hurriedly cut the last few letters of the alphabetand scrimmed back to the goat pens. ~

The village had many pens—they traded meat, milk, and pelts for food-moss and fish cultivated by those who — lived in the deeper villages of Parthenon, and Fleet, and the others. Oolee’s goats, her only inheritance from her father were penned at his abandoned house. As she approached, noticed two boys prodding at the animals with their They wiped mud on the goats’ white curls. ets

“Oolee Ooleceleee,” they turned her name into taunt. She stopped, held her knife behind her back.

“Oolecleelecee, Goat girl, come and sleep goats, goat girl.” i

“Go away,” she said in as deep a voice as around the chapel walls. “I’ve got a - 5 muster, She tried to imitate the ee ee Sone Oolee’s got a knife,” said one of te “What're you gonna do, shear the goats, s yourself?” the other asked. They both let out MELE giggles. One of them, the taller of the two, flung at her. ———

Comics were bi S Wallac. fe bent over a wire rack inside the & pharmac at busied himself with them while he waited. 5 ind woe ad a sliver of spinach lodged between his ss down like an ashamed disciplined child, his chin stubble 5 down li! n the pharmacist looked at him, Wallace put his : pound between his templ shed in his head. He felthis 5 into his chest. Blood rushed in his t ithis = pharmacist was let in on by the Eth fob. He Wallace fraginad ate dak his spinsch = whenever someone had otal rss aaa ie He probably surmised Wallace was depressed, instead of ane He knew which women were having responsible herpes. ‘ cia ‘

being a victim of panic ee mix fe thougk mix with alcohol. You don’t operate heavy machinery, alcohol. pharmacist said, clearing his now do you?” the

throat, Wallace’s face warmed. He wondered why operate people go to the same ‘ pharmacist, Was it that they hi only wanted one to know inery, their secrets? Or should they é th (a conversation is awkward, as 9 ” run off as soon as soon as a look is
