—

he hill was steep and easy going downwards, but

Subscribe!

e hill was*

age- The ards

‘ ible upwards

4 impos Y .

es, stinging them on the sharp Jookee She fell to her kne

d the ground here. She forced herself

s that covere jant leave rds the Angry God. His ruddy face filled almost to turn towe! he blue and pink domed roof above. a quarter aN mean to be a heretic.” She shouted at the

the floating liars’ club is now offering «i,

1 saab me,” she said as she wept in full view of

and twelve-issue subscriptions. Angry God.

the light just burned hers. Unable to breath, Oolee

For cu His face but

are P tre

subscription rates, email: nt

he grass, pain hugging close. slumped in the &

ed to whisper to whoever could hear, but no

She tn sound came out.

Write:

Eveningland Publications

426 King Ave. Suite 1-I,

Columbus, OH 43201

Or visit our website:

S/ www. c i

Submit!

the floating liars’ club is now taking

submissions for upcoming issues.

We will consider well-written short fiction

and poetry of all forms and genres, and we

are especially interested in talented new

writers from central Ohio.

We accept email submissions only, except hy

special arrangement.

All submissions and queries §

f} ; ¥ IP rs a Ay

j

ILL

af somehow they were less deserving than other families

pigs were producing goodies left and night.

the pig m whose

I came to hate the pig slowly, over time, One thing sarticularly annoy ed me. At feeding, as it chewed the families wealth, it would stare blankly at me, a gaze so vacuous and bland it scemed almost blind. It gazed upon me with terrible pink eyes and the superiority of a king, as if waiting for me to supplicate myself before it, as if it were divining my hearts desires and were snatching them and giving them to itself to delve out at its own whim or fancy. There was no definitive the moment W hen my hatred began but there was a moment of decision..

It was the day mother made me feed the pig and ask for its forgiveness. Oh, the pig was our confessor also Of

; course you had to pay for the privilege.

[ earned three gold coins that day helping Mr. Toby, the blacksmith, shovel dirt into the back of his wagon, It iba hard work and at the end of the day I paused on the way home to buy a snack and something to drink. I lingered too long and was late getting home. Mother was furious. The pig needed attention. It was due a wash and its linens needed changed, When I explained to her that | had earned three gold pieces she demanded I feed them to the pig and ask for its pardon.

| laid the gold in my palm and let the pig eat them one by onc. When it had finished it turned promptly as if dismissing me and farted a most noxious stench. Then it waddled back to its silk pillows and rolled over on its back..

It was then the hatred burned in me like a white

blood. ember from Mr. Toby’s hearth.

It took months of planning and study, but finally the time came. I was nearly a man I had not been given affirmation by the family. But I would affirm it myself. And as the sun set and the nights grew late I meditated on what | would do and how I would do it.

On that night I pulled a butcher knife from the drawer and tested its edge. I took g a moment to sharpen it against the grinding stone on the counter. A cold rod of purpose slid up my spine. Long ago they use to castrate the things so they would fatten up before the slaughter. I think I would have enjoyed that. As it was, I would just have to be satisfied with the slaughter alone. And that is what I was determined it would be.

Really there was nothing the pig could produce which we ourselves could not. Convenience perhaps. Feed ita chunk of cash and rub its belly a bit and hopefully it would produce. Good things would come to you. But we worked to feed the pig. In the end we were feeding it our freedom and humanity, our professional choices, our emotional stability and our physical well being. The pig gave us everything and in exchange it took our souls.

But no more.

bellomy

The steps

PS creaked as I entered the basement. | heard

eps creaked « did anyone penerp to sense something was wrong. Rarely

Ove, F » back and when I Pen at night. 1 held the knife behind my

Ie pe the light. | sealed Gee om bottom of the steps I flicked on

joe nonchalantly, it site | ori event. The pig observed me There was seniikdis ed with disdain as I entered its pen. a human being, ¢ € oppressive about the thing. Here was I,

& Crown of creation subservient to a pig. | was hot even its equal j

qual in the far in wis

nily hierarchy. The pig had always

j taken precedence.

Seer sips pig knew, Somehow it knew. No longer was lobkadiets ale ree of placid self satisfaction, Now it sitehity- ake = re when confronted by a man. It squealed banaue $e - led to the corner of the pen. I entered and nes cheats 2 me, I let the knife fall to my side in clear ie ieeoren : It went wild, squealing and running around ena ° the pen, trampling silk cushions and velvet

ankets beneath mad scurrying pig feet. I was quick, and with an insane glee, | lunged at the beast and managed to grip one of its hind legs. Then with all of my muscle and determination I jerked the animal onto its back and with a force I had not know myself capable of I bore down on the beast and plunged the blade into its throat. Its squealing immediately transformed into the gurgling spurt of blood and air. I pulled the knife downward and rightly gutted the animal.

There is no sound to the dark wetness of spilled

In moments a ruckus began upstairs and I knew the family would come for me. I knew the consequences would be severe but I had devised a plan of escape.

| stuffed the carcass into a laundry bag and before anyone could invade the basement I slipped out the side door.

As youth and strength and excitement carried me, l moved quickly through the village. I moved through the streets of unlit shops and passed the memorial bronze effigy of the money pig in the center of the square. In short time I found the exterior wall.

I had climbed this wall my entire youth, so even with my added burden it proved none too difficult . Once on

the outside I moved quickly into the distance. I felta strange

awkwardness in my face and it took me a moment to realize

that it was the result of the widest, maddest, teeth baring

smile my features could possibly produce.

vy and grew heav ier with cach step.

The pig was hea

led so far that night as | was sure

Pig Money The

I don’t know why I trave

re would be no one following me. The villagers had long

oe it going out into the worldand had overtime developed

ing the wilderness. Generally if

a keen sense of fear concem

were happy. On the other hand,

their pigs were healthy, they

had been murdered. Better

| could not recall the last time a plg

safe than sorry ! thought.

since qu
