The orderly peers down at Raymond over wire-rim ;

mins, his young teeth already ycllow ed by smoking a oes and £ ? : And BUre Steppin ° He giances about the room and the old man’s eyes follow his trap, a Will lic here ices real life from a movie screen

. that have appeared on the windows, the padding Ped in this bed for the Smember, unable to do anything

bars go the < engulfed the walls. These things were not there

. hefore, the orderly put them there, or oments be ae » OF perhaps mi | brought them himself. He tilts his head, listening to

hini f the other drooling fools the in the old man's €y€s. The shimmering doctors and wan sib She turns beeps brag “A large bags

chiftiess whining © ooling fools. There is unde -hai

, ghostlike nurses leave. The young orderly stays, hovering at aged, her arp mpalcnepie sound, just : iis c ihe of Raymond mumbles incoherently, and his voice his time card, “Edward R. rtp: 7 ppapeae oarts

of the bed.

the orderly’s voice. “Couldn't take the loneliness, tagt ae of the machine punch throu gh the thin

ee aay °

7” the young man wonders aloud. “Couldn't take the into its slot ing a tenuous thud, and he slides his card back Joneliness and cracked,” he says as he leans over and snaps his fingers next tO the old aoe car. - young fingers wrap around building, and he valle at ee already when he leaves the the pale wrists and bi them tightly in the leather cuffs grown nights are still cold ollar of his leather jacket high. The from the side of the gurney. “What is it like to be old? Your skin sagging and your muscles atrophied? How long have you bus ao tea Mapriegee 2 the graffiti-laden fiberglass been sitting in a chair in a dark corner? You look like you've next to him and he sess shsasd Risccle be tar a been old your entire life.” The tears stand out in the damaged about the old man i ; man's eyes and the orderly screws a wicked smile onto his looks at the faces around hengeast irs ide ha

‘The orderly walks slowly across the room, gazes of the bus turn, they leave behind Sieeid ects 5 a out the window and shakes his head. “What does it feel like to bea wrinkled nobody? Do you have memories? Do they mean street. He is laughing and muttering to himself and he weaves anything?” The orderly walks back to the gumey and grips up the street, stepping on and off the curb. In one hand is a the metal bars tightly. His knuckles turn white. “My memory green bottle nearly empty, the last of twelve. He stops at the is thin, there is only the now for me, only this moment. That’s top ofa hill and lights a cigarette, crumpling and dropping the youth, you see, to live in this moment, because this isthe only empty foil pack. He is thinking about the vigor of life, he is

The Mobius strip is turning in Raymond’s mind. it at the sidewalk. It collides with the edge of the curb with moment that ever is.” He mumbles and his ears hear the orderly’s voice again. “I'll bitter accuracy, shattering the silence of the night. A small girl forget you the moment I leave this room, do you understand?” awakens and looks out her window, Edward grits his teeth and The orderly grasps Raymond's left foot and a wave of pain hurls the pink lighter to the pavement. It ignites with a dull numbs everything for a moment. The figure grinning at him thud much like the time clock that Edward has already shimmers, the whole room shimmers, and then the pain forgotten. A gout of flame appears for the briefest moment subsides. It leaves him weak, incompetent, his mind twisting and then is gone, leaving behind nothing but plastic shards onitselfin paradoxical loops. The orderly becomes solid again, scattered amid the ruins of a green bottle.

shannon rampe

Test of your memo “

ry.

tazzled, gray

s stuff , utches an are ed animal close

Thain

. even in April. Edward walks across the parking lot its si

. . s forgotten

in the :

other human smells, and finds an

¥ t. As the whee

Later, Edward lurches drunkenly down a forgotten

excited by it. Suddenly, he swings the bottle around and hurls

Strip Mdbius the Along Walking

timeclock,

his causes some bit of discomfort.

a “ 5 . I

) he can Sse his sole

les have grown weak and thin over years of office

§

These musc

é I recliners. He sees the green shard jutting from

chairs and ie nders where it came from. He looks around,

his foot pete hese bottle lying at the curb, the crumpled

sees the ee cigarettes, both of these lying amid the plastic

i Raed pink lighter; the ruins ofa drunken effigy.

ur aha OE curses again, not the “fuck” or the “shit

the bed” he might have used in his youth, but the rather more

refined and bitter “goddamn kids of impending old age. He

looks around again, suddenly afraid of being seen in this

He leans over and

snaps his fingers

next to the old

man’s ear. His young fingers wrap

around the pale

wrists and bind

them tightly in the

leather cuffs...

compromising state. A child watches him from her bedroom window across the street, but he does not see this. To him the streets are still empty. She might have called out to her mother, but she fears this old man whose beady eyes and paunchy cheeks wrinkle up in a frown every time he sees her, She clutches her stuffed panda bear and watches, thinking of a dream she had the night before.

The bleeding has begun in earnest now. What started as a tiny rose blossom soon becomes widening streams navigating the wrinkles in his soles. He rolls back to his hands and knees, being careful to keep his left foot held high. He

curses the carelessness of youth again, wonde

TINg Why kids are such self-absorbed and savage bastards.

He Never did anything like this in his youth, never drun automobile into a telephone pole, never cmasttnee an with a Louisville Slugger, never back-talked his mother or boxes never wore his hair long, never slapped a Pretty girl on thea.” never got into trouble, He had always made his parents ae his mother had called him a “little adult.” Proud,

Gritting his teeth, Raymond begins the fifteen-f ascent up the sidewalk to his apartment building. The distance has become a marathon and the stinging in his knees and hands flashes like a traffic signal. He inches along, spitting out 4 new vulgarity every foot. He pauses twice to make sure no one is watching. The little girl across the street looks on with tears in her eyes and whispers her dream to her bear. After minutes more like days, he climbs onto the porch. He ignores the trai] of blood he has left on the sidewalk, a map of his heart painted onto the concrete.

He carefully rises to one foot. He wobbles on that copascetic knee, fumbling for the keys in his pocket, and a cloud of dizziness engulfs him like a swarm of flies. His left foot automatically steps down to correct his failing balance, jarring the shard against a bone and releasing a burning gout of blood. Sweat breaks out on his forehead and he bites down on his lower lip to withhold a scream. White motes float across his vision. The world goes topsy-turvy as he careens backwards. The back of his head collides with the sidewalk, his yellowed teeth bite through his bottom lip. The last thought he has before blacking out is a bitter one: he left the newspaper lying at the curb.

A

When Raymond floats into semiconsciousness, he finds himself surrounded by a flurry of spinning white clouds. They are figures in white clothing, and he is lying ina hospital bed, the sheets bleached white. The faces and words are unformed, and he cannot feel his body. He feels the sort of Escher-like lucidity that comes on the very edge of sleep. In this state everything rolls back on itself like a Mobius stp; dreams bleed into reality, the future causes the past, and the dead rise from their graves. He moans. His ears detect this undead sound; it becomes the gibbering of a peor aes the next cell. Fear grips his belly. He looks around r. Only one figure remains motionless, its bene cba crisp hospital uniform. Raymond tries to focus, pick a the details of the liquid face. The face solidifies, ae ers appearance of his father, but younger, more like his The face face might have been if he had lived to twenty YER i ayes shifts again, the cheeks rising like tectonic plates suty whX sinking further in, becoming the face of amameles® | 6. had once beat him so badly that he had t ;

= ne

j

Shannon Rampe

It is early morning. Dawn has not yet unwrapped

the gray fog hanging over the streets like gauze. Raymond ;

rubs the bags under his eyes as he steps onto the front porch .

of his downtown apartment building; he has not yet had his

morning cup of coffee, The concrete chills his bare feet, he is

wearing nothing more than a tattered blue bathrobe and

underwear with the elastic coming loose. He curses the

paperboy under his breath. The little brat has taken to dropping

the paper at the curb instead of on the porch steps of the

apartment building.

He hurries to the curb, glancing about to make sure

no onc is watching this flaccid man hobbling about ina bathrobe.

The street is mostly empty. Raymond steps off the curb,

leans down, and grasps the paper. He scans the headlines as he

turns. In the back of his mind he 1s thinking about the pot of

coffee brewing black in his kitchenette, waiting for the

or eeu ~weTee oe

4

7,

, Wobiusstri

=<

f

‘

t

completion of this morning ritual. He is thinking about a stack

of insurance claims at the office, the broken fax machine, the

new secretary with the red hair and moist lips. The headlines

tell of food shortages in Turkey and long shard of glass slides

into his foot.

He does not feel it immediately; his mind is occupied

with other matters. It is only when he steps down that he

drives the green shard deep into the arch of his foot, slicing

through the ghosts of calluses and a network of muscles and

tendons. Raymond cries out softly and falls to the sidewalk.

His knees and palms strike the pavement, leaving behind a veil

of skin and blood, His bathrobe falls open and his pallid flesh

is bared to the world.

He rolls over, drops the forgotten newspaper, and

pulls his bathrobe over his genitals, staining the blue terrycloth

with his bloody hands. He delicately pulls his left foot around
