THE ANESH

rate.” The ra sbi tore down the curtains and cloaked his new “leaving the ap yartment through the still bo dy with thi open doorway Paul tried ¢ trol over his—the ‘o stand, but he had no con he said out of the right side of eft leg, “Damn it,” fou damned idiot. If it wasn't for your greed, Td his mouth. “Y {you'd have your ric hes.” He began punching the left side of his face, chipping greenws ave my wife and are knuckles and check. The left arm ‘ tried to do the same to the right side, and ‘hey struggled until both eyes cried in tearless despair. Eventually, the lefi side of the golem’s mouth said, “Stop it! stop its Mr. Stein. The left arm flung itself limply to its side, and the right continued to work at destroying them “Enjoy both, pounding deep cracks in the hand and wrist, neck and “| really do love her.” You don't know what love is,” 4 Paul. He took a breath and out the hand to his forehead, feeling dust and bits of clay slough off underneath his fingers. He pounded until his caly muscles ached, then the golem satsolemnly in front of the smokeless fire. “Help me. All | want is to hold my Holly again, even under these circumstances,” » said the right side of the Golem. “What can I do? Robbed of my body and rendered in clay, what good can I be?” asked the left. don't know. I can't think, I can'tdo anything; I can'teven cry,” said the right. “Can this god of yours help?” asked the left. Paul considered this for a moment. God w asn’t supposed to be part of his vocabulary. He was aman of the flesh aman of the fist “Of course,” Paul started to lean forward with the right side of the golem's body, and ben Muhammad followed his lead with the left. The fire rose at the movement. “Yahweh, help us. Give Holly her free will back.” “J have made a covenant to give each of you command over the git!’s will. I cannot breach that covenant.” “Then, please give us back our bodies.” antonce made, Only ‘As I said, I cannot contravene a coven Rabbi Samson can give you back your bodies. Perhaps I can help you in some other way.” “If you can't restore our souls, what can you do for “I must do whatever you command that is within power.” Then give this body the strength to overcome Rs

scrolls off tables. the fla 4 ee y cyclic rhythms. On one cycle, he loo} _< with his hands as he alternated between PEE on and silence # {add d the two men. “Have youcrce heard ther ressed sinking S10 was tOPP** c silgames ould share motherhood?” th. a eh, who would splita baby in half so thar moe spine. ing ee re story of Solomon?” said ben Muham, ruining my ea up? The corners of Samson's mouth tumed gt began y began a dirty upw: ard and his eyes widened. “I told you each that joy would have sole power over this wom, I never rescind a promise.” = They “Don'c kill her, please,” said Paul Samson waited for the end of the chant, awoke reply. “Idiots, you think I would kl you

girl? You two can continue your fight ove lashed to- her as long as you like, forall it Matters tome

Killing isa sin.” gether and The rising flames drew Paul's eyes. He could see that they were hanging abovea burning suspended bush. “Lord God,” he screamed, “please help me!” over a dressed the bush by God’s ancient name. Rabbi Samson laughed. “Yahweh,” headsmokeless “What do you require of me, great Samson?” fire... “Give me the wealth of the oil baronand the strength of the boxer.” “Shall I cast their souls into hell?” towards an unre- “No,” he said even as his body was being reshaped, “end Muhammad. “It the golem doubly.” to suit my As he spoke, the fat seemed to melt from Rabbi Samson’ and snickered creature is te body, and his skin seemed to darken, become more you Jews, fleeing jumble of images, and he could see his own body from Paul had trouble focusing on the rabbi. The scene wat it to the cae the citi outside, writhing in exact complement to ben Muharnds eee He could see both bodies starting to dissolve into aw?’ three hundred smoke over the burning bush. Soon, the rabbis bodyst ck its distortion. Paul tried to move stiff limbs, but yf bidding ae ; the purpose f Eee clunky and he seemed undecided about which way © el Id rather hate for Samson and love for Holly, and hate re His emotions too were a jumble. They were still fille A eyes. nd he ap- “When I Muhammad, But there was self-loathing 4 wel I'll * ill be hu- Auhammad Was present inside him. the Muhammad, | , vabchs Partition the golem.” With the rabbis wor worth? Mil- dows eau of souls ended in pain. at le Cente! ingei of the me ch dcnatkingabounday tar kapeben aaa and Paul in the right, el himselfand fanned Enjoy your prison, children, I’m offto dabble ®

eee him into my wagon and throw the bike off the side the road, and then I pull the wagon back to my mothers house, It’s dark when I get home and fireflies flash in the fields. 1 push the front door open and drag Henry inside by his

arms. I rest him by the door and check his pulse. It’s weak. I leave him there she momentarily and walk into the kitchen

where my mother sits at the table with know is her back to me. I don't know if she notices I’m home or if she even expects me back. She has a shoebox of saw my photographs next to her and is crying under the dim kitchen light. flirting “Mom,” I say, concerned. She doesn’t say anything and grabs senior another picture from the shoebox. “Mom,” I say again.

She sniffles and say: “I know how to player treat a man, Jackie. I really do.” I step back to the front door and grab before Henry by the arms and drag him past the opening to the kitchen and into the bathroom. I start filling the tub departure. with cold water then I prop Henry in it. I go back to the kitchen. My mother must've heard me come in. She says, “I was good to your father, Jackie. I know how to treat aman.” “Mom,” I say. “I really do,” she says. “Damn it, Mom,” | yell, “listen to me.” She stands up and slaps me about as hard as she can. It sends me to my knees. Tears surface in my eyes and at that moment I want to be the man in the bathtub, the one so close to death. “Don’t you cuss at me,” she says standing, over me. “Don't you ever treat me that way.” She pauses fora moment, breathing heavily I can’t form words in my dry and crying. “Where are the groceries?” she asks. throat. She stands over me and wails and then goes toward the bathroom. x e 4 “And you leave the water on, she says, “You waste water? hurts. My back hurts. My face I step outsid i le as she walks into the bathroom. My chest stings. I try to compose myself while staring at the flashing lig! hts of fireflies surrounding me.

Rampe

does not usually coincide with our logic of his own he inferred that to detail is to prevent its happening. Borges, “The Secret Miracle” wider until a passing zephyr pulled it out the window, He thought then of all he had learned in his life, reliving all the trials and hardships in an effort to understand himself after al those years. He wanted just one maxim, one simple but profound bit of knowledge that he could be content with as he went his grave. After along time he spoke aloud, to no onein particu or pethaps to the birds. “When one anticipates an event, the actual event is never as one imagines it.” Turning this gem ovet and over in his mind, as a child rolls a bit of candy on bet tongue, he drifted into an uneasy sleep. He dreamed of a fire that pend cas the hills and burned up all the ancient trees in the forest, The heat was so inten that he felt his own skin dry up and crack as he watched. He tried to run but his he saw th at his feet had become roots sunk into the loaf 4 joints were knotted up, and looking 4o¥" carth. His the Viciou: 8 flames lick at his ankles. The pain was excruciat"® aims were raised aloft, palms facing the sky ashe et

Though I begin this story with the sincerest thought to record events as they actually happened, I owe an absolute responsibility to history to inform the reader—should there be a reader—that, of the memories I carry, those recalling days before my creation are somewhat unclear. Furthermore. the haste that I must necessarily employ ensures certain inac. curacies in the form of summary. And if the end-times sun undoes the magic that made me or bakes my limbs into useless branches, you should know thar it is the same kilny sun whose light I count on to envitrify my words into the soft clay before the salt-laden tides of the last sea smother them out. The story begins in Jewish Harlem, before the southern blacks replaced the Jews and before the Hispanic immigrants replaced the blacks. ..

Paul's mother was displeased in the extreme when she found out that her money was coming from boxing. She had stopped taking the blood money, as she called it, when word Bot around the neighborhood that Paul “The Maul” Stein had ended a fight by clocking one of the Italian boys and blinding him in One eye. Consequently, Paul and his fiancée had a modest savings, 5 They had Planned to ,

Samson, Yahweh,” said ben Muhammad. The flames .v, and with them the golem’s body. Over the fire, the golem took on vitreous sheen. The surface became covered with glass scales, and the bulk continu ed to expand. Soon, the ceiling bowed against the golem’s shoulders, then it broke and debris fell from the upper levels of the apartment building into the basement. The fire consumed it all, and the golem had to step away to keep from hardening into bisque. As the golem grew greater and greater, the partition grew thinner and thinner, stretching imperceptibly be: tween the two souls.

Te was in that fire that my your prison, story begins. Though the

’ rabbi had di Jed me in two, children...’ Thad to work as one being.

Oftentimes, wish I had continued to grow and grow until my body formed a world unto itself, Alas, that was not to be. I was compelled towards the pinnacle where my lover would be opening ‘asafe full of money onan upper floor. I stumbled and fell along the rending ironwork and bits of pave- this time, my feet were the si of ment under my weight. By a trolley cars and my stride, the length of a city block. I ‘walked to where the shadow of the Empire State Building F yg vierced the daylight on the street. Peo} ple fled in terror before me, but by then I didn’t care. My cares were torn between love and hate briefly, when I saw the tiny rabbi scurry into one of the East Central apartment buildings. I ignored him, and g sped at the :mpire State building with an enormous and bending steel. I climbed until hand, breaking windows into the office where Holly I could look with my left e removed money from without emotion or haste. n the safe “Holly,” my voice We as hoarse and inhuman, but she responded anyway: “Come here.” of the building, so I I wrapped one arm around the side could lift che other and give Holly somewhere (0 stand. obeyed {, climbing out the window into my giant clay hand. ilding started tipping and sereeching, | As she did so, the ack away and watch it fal like a stepped ¢ Jown in time to tiny people div ing hopelessly from the windows. tree, with se obliterated all Ff the East Central apartment The collap' 1 one long; billo’ wing crunch. The cit y was alive my buildings in y which way, and maybe no one nowith sirens going & took a deep bre ehand did a backstroke into the abbi ticed when 1

_ and make sure y ke sure you get you get a couple cartons ¢ 2 of “Ob, a 1s,” she says, pretending to pull ¢ “ id ing off of an ertes Tor us, ” shi invisi hs since I’ve seen her, Isay looking “Jr's almost se 5 ev ble cigarette. en mont ‘ ang “for m the soggy ; the soggy com, and I think about her saying for us” like ciga Sa y ee 2 ioarettes are a family expense, even though I don’t smoke d JA ke directly, But I breath in her smoke that fogs the family room when we watch fuzzy game shows, the waves of static crackle on our black I see and white television. Yet another artifact wrapped in foil. Thus we receive three purple scrambled stations. But the television is missing. So my mother hasn’t had much to do but forking rummage through every closet, shelfand drawer, to remove the clutter. This different morning it's the fridge she scavenges, ignoring everything I say. directions “Why don’t you just call her first?” I ask. “Atleast I won't startle her that way.” like “And we're going to need a lot of canned food. Vegetables, pasta, fruit,” she rivulets says. She stands up and puts her hand on her forehead like she’s checking fora fever, then takes a deep wheezing breath her plump, and her head disappears again behind the freezer door. pale “Call her. Call Mrs. Dawson, Mom,” I say as I stir the corn bits. She pops her head up from behind the door to the freezer again. “Honey, the phones are dead. Silly. Had you forgotten?” She seems tense, a smoker without cigarettes, and I wonder if maybe she has her head in the freezer to cool off. and I did forget, for one reason or another, about the storm am that uprooted trees over and filled our yard with puddles, him This was a day ago, early morning, Sometimes it’s hard not “I to feel like I've been forgotten, left aloneona deserted island, Task, scanning the horizon for search planes. corn, I’m nineteen years old but can't prove it, I drive but don't She havea license, The only identification I have is a library card neck,

toa library chat burnt down more than a year was ago. The news said it had something to do 1 with skinheads. Anyway, I couldn't use the for library much toward the end of its days. We “What live twenty-six miles from town and I didn’t they wouldn't let me check out any more books, drive often, My late fees made things hard and about

The Nature of Fireflies .'..°22 <0,

Work and Play..... °

© Eveningland Publications,

All rights reserved.

A product of Columbus,

nathan mcknight

20.52. ee 15

ben crites

nathan mcknight

December 2002

Ohio.
