battle. As the Kildan sun evolves off the pl anet’s atmosphere, with dire will go ext inct. The entire population option. : Zour thousand years since Dissociation.

either en masse, OF selectiv €. around the time of Dissociation. any technology—they are giant, lungs with hydrogen. Moreover, -39refugees in the time remaining

save their culture. They are sending facilities for sulfide-metabolizers 2 to 7 sidyears for a noble cause. will be lodged on Kilda in specially Kildans, learning their language and brethren race. address listed below.

Carefully fold

Name/Tattoo #-_ — —Taxe back

Address: is. —___——

Kith Class (PLEASE check ONE

Bipedal erect Bipedal knucklewalking Quadrupedal Slither/Scurry Sessile Not Sure

-40- Sex:

Male Female Hermaphroditic Pseudo-femaloid Sex Number 23* Gnathostomatic Snail-like Asexual

Do you shave? Yes No

are assured anonymity

program. We regret to inform you that your

reasons:

in general planet

We would appreciate the continuance of our small troupe of translators, or by

Ur-Emperor of the planet Kilda:

us. We no not go to off the. Beg beg please Dead is my wife too. It not here good her, help of you...[garbled] ...then to send us We die. You live. Sad. Sad. Sad. Sad.

(under penalty of law),

if necessary)

(territory/region/owner) (planet)

only): Respiratory Mode:

Oxygen Oxy-Hydrogen Hydrogen Hydrogen cyanide Hydrogen sulfide Heliox

Gender:

Male Female Hermaphroditic Pseudo-femaloid Sex Number 36 Gnathostomatic Snail-like Asexual

soci nnd De bear inga cold draftto Cor on by surprise, nude incu Samson Was Fon by the arm, when Pate ucker punch to the face sane te: oe ul him ae rly is own ae turned on ben Muhammad and they a ey a sharch, But, their battle was not yet urned wrestli to be. The f fleshy slap of each strike quieted to nothing while the apartment filled with thick incense smoke until I both men collapsed in a desperate embrace. They awoke lashed togetherand suspended over a smokeless fire and immediately began to struggle against each other, against the ropes, and against the flame. “| will pay you,” ben Muhammad yelled in between curses, “Holly, go get the money in my safe.” Paul stopped slamming his skull agi inst the other man’s in time to see her run out the open door. It left both men relieved enough to stop struggling. “If you think I want Miss Landis’ body, you're mistaken. Soon, I'll have the body to 42 take the women I wasn’t strong enough to take

in this body. I'm glad you both showed up here, bur it’sa pity that a golem fit fora wizard has to be wasted.” He swung a lumpy arm alistically muscular clay sculpture of ben took a long time to find a body sturdy enough tastes.” He stroked the arm of the sculpture, “You should be thankful. This magnificent yond value. Itwas fashioned in 1654 by Dutch the Portuguese in South America. They offered ees New Amsterdam to protect the city from ncion at bacon years until I found it. Soon, you will fulfill ze I Broc cellar for watching over this city—my city—at my inhabit a body with quite a pedigree. Personal have the real ching.” Samson's cheeks rede proached the men, gazing away from their have your body Mr, Stein, I'll be strong but man. And when I have your face, Mr, ben will control your wealth. How much are you lions? Billions?” Samson began chanting in a tongue neither would have recognized by name. He bent ” ave rec i

Dear Sav e-the-Kildans supporter, We regret to inform you that the planet K. jlda is very near has led to the spontaneous rupture of 98 percent of the the hundreds to semi-painless hovering death boxes. This is the perfect opportunity to renew your membership Please help. Sweet Jesus,..it’s horrifying (pictures enclosed).

Sincerely,

Meltor Manikkit

Interim President, Save-the-Kildans Foundation

Save-the-Kildans 399944994 M Street Backland Colony II, Planet Maraluk 55023-992

the end. Recent degassing of the atmosphere Kildan population. The remainder are lining up by

in Save -the-Kildans. Please send money.

f A

about the

All stories are sole property 0! f the Except where otherwise noted, all images are Benjamin Crites Bom in a blizzard, Mr. Crites often marvels out his de snowstorm that will inev itably reclaim him. He's a news Find him slumped in plastic chairs at various school buildings, scribbling frenzied thoughts in spiral notebo« in Creative Writing from Bowling Green State University remind him of a pocketknife he lost inamulch bed Contact Ben at: ben_crites@yahoo.com Nathan McKnight Mauled by a typewriter at four, nasally impaled by magazine will not be the last round in his battle to profession. Inexplicably got a B.Sc. in Geology from pacing naked in his apartment, pantomiming ctrl-F or (fully clothed) in South Central Columbus, Oh-t ligh. Jade Because her circus was seized due to circuses being Soliel she tummed back to coloring. You can contact

Shannon Rampe Shannon fancies himself'a writer and is curious to anyone who is interested. He can be found smoking lot of the Lane Avenue Half Price Books. He would Writers’ Group. Contact him at rampsputant@yahoo.com family for supporting him, especially Lauren, Jim Joseph Bellomy He can’t believe he spends so much time doing this. For verti i issi advertisement, subscriptions, submission

general queries email

contributors

author copyt ight Joe Bellomy.

sk window, waiting for the repx yrter here in Columbus. and city administration sks, He received his B.F.A in 1999. All of his stories outside of his childhood home

a pencil at eight; hopes this the death with the writing OSU in 1999. Can be seen teaching hands-on science aelffin@hotmail.com

copyrighted by Cirque du her at hit-esc@inorbit.com

talk writing or philosophy with cigarettes in the back parkin; like to thank his friends on Bowsher, and the Evenin, la id oe

echoterral83@aol.com

guidelines, back issues, and floatingliarsclub@hotmail.com

ave the

Kildans

Nathan McKnight illustrated by Jade

DearMr,orMrs. HamlLodon. (orcurrent resident), High in the clouds of the planet Kilda, a kith race is fighting a losing the main sequence, it will flare up and burn the light gasses from consequences for the population. In less than one siddecade, the Kildans of Kilda (an estimated 2.5 trillion individuals) will die. Escape is not an They will be the first recorded human kith to go extinct in the nearly five The unique condition of the Kildans precludes such measures as evacuation, They are cloud dwellers, apparently evolved from an engineered form created The Kildans cannot save themselves because they have never developed filter-feeding beings who float belly-up among the clouds by filling their no other kith race has the means to develop vessels to house such unusual to them. There is nothing that can save the Kildans, but they need your help to this urgent request to all oxygen- or hydrogen-breathing kith (unfortunately, are not yet available) as well as the applicable non-kith willing to devote Asa Save-the-Kildans volunteer, your food will be supplied, and you designed floating accommodations, There, you will live alongside the transcribing the rich and ancient oral history of these, our most unique To apply, detach and complete the following form, and send it to the

Thank you for your support,

KefKeff Interim President, Save-the-Kildans Foundation

Save-the-Kildans 84 Mestone Ave. SW Fenfraq City, United Metanates $5021-192 Planet Qorral

pear, Ogladorb , Thank you for your interest in the Save-the-Kildans volunteer application cannot be processed due to one or more of the following

Lack of experience with foreign languages/language More than eight misdemeanors on a kith-inhabited Inappropriate paper fasteners Lack of accommodations for your bioclass Overweight Failure to return form 33-3290B completed Inhospitable weather conditions Illegible penmanship Dnuids Contaminated biopsy Special request of your government

We hope that you will accept our apologies for any inconvenience. of your support for our foundation by acting as a pen pal to any sending a contribution to the address listed below. And now, a special message from Yaoogal-bint Tamaransitarian, Please help [us]. We die. We die—you live. That planet is bad help [by sending cash or money order]. My daughter. She die. me/them/you(plural)/people in general. We die. Not want so. We of our culture. Long history is have. History is end. We is end.

Thank you for your support,

KefKeff Interim President, Saye-the-Kildans Foundation

Note: Please reply with Mr. Hamlodon ‘s forwarding address

Save-the-Kildans 88 Mestone Ave. NE Fenfrag C y, United Metanates 55021-992 Planet Qorral
