“Ben Crites“<_%
Sts tag A

Morgan saw flames glisten in Guss cycs.
Gus, a stout, compulsively bearded man who ran the Missauga
Recreation Camp, watched all the birch and maple trees—so
thar wore the wounds of his hatchet from blazing paths

to fallen decr—cough up smoke into the pink skyline.

Morgan stood beside him, fighting off the webs of sleep by
rubbing his cyelids with his thumbs, The ATV sputtered behind
them. Gus limped through the moist sand of the receding
shoreline with his arms folded. A loon sang down the shore.
Gus, a man of few precise words, had withdrawn most of his
thoughts since the fire began.

Morgan didn’t know what started it. T he fires appeared one
morning out of the fog that fringed the opposite side of the lake
and now Morgan gazed in bleary wonder as he zipped up his
orange hunting vest.

The fire’s impact manifested in the declining water level, which
now exposed more mud and dried-up moss. Docks needed
little ladders like those in swimming pools to access the anchored
boats, The beach was a bone yard of driftwood, jagged rocks,
dead walleye and bass, everything brittle and pungent.

Morgan wanted to sleep and ignore the fires. He could float
inadream where things normally didn't make sense. But buzzing

engines of planes and helicopters, scooping water to douse the
fire kept Morgan awake through the night,

But his loyalty to Gus, Morgan could not dream that away.
To Gus, this wasn't the end of his Missauga.

Gus panned the shoreline. He lifted a bluegill up with his
boot and nodded at Morgan. Gus's foxhound, Dakota, sniffed
it.

"We'll get through this,” he said. Morgan yawned and nodded
back.

Morgan lived in a cabin rent free because of an old favor Gus
had promised Morgan's father. There was a hunting accident.
Morgan's father, at the time a customer, dragged Gus out of the
woods after his Remington rifle misfired and buricd a bullet in
his thigh. Cancer stole Morgan's father and the opportunity to
repay the favor,

Gus told Morgan things would change, that they would still
have a busy hunting season, all the while Gus's empire burned
to the ground behind him. The lingering smell of wood smoke
and dead fish always reminded him, but Morgan saw how Gus
tried to be hopeful, how he wanted to pretend it wasn't
happening.

Morgan loaded a bullet into the chamber of his rifle. He
would go into the woods opposite of the burning end of the
lake, and he would kill. He would do it because Gus asked him
to, because he couldn't tell him no.

Morgan bounced in the ATV as Gus navigated him to a tree
line of black pine and oaks; a productive hunting spot Gus had

ners. The cold air numbed

ng custol
»h-paying custo
: = | 5 » ands on
e ee a: masked in smoke Gus had be thha
B I 1¢ sun was a . va
Tei | and star d forward into the abysmal morning. }
- and stare for :
peneTy oped out and leaned the
c forgan stepped out 4
sapped at the tree line. Mors "
stor ped PAT
eifle against his shoulder,
srt can count on you when I need

ean,” Gus said. "I know!
ced at the treetops where the smoke

” He paused and glan
‘on, “Find us a hell of a buck.
d helicopters, and the loud

ro.
choked the horiz

Beyond the rushing planes anc

f thei » lake pan 3 ed into the
splashes of their descent on the lake, Morgan ambled int

sods with his rifle, His intention was to help Gus perf
monster buck might draw hunters to the
or so Gus

setuare

wo
a dying dream. A
lodge despite the spreading fire across the lake,
believed.

There were many animal tracks and scat piles, but none lead
him to a tree rub or matted down grass, anything that would
suggest a deer had been around. They're spooked, Morgan
thought, He reached out and broke branches, blazing his own
path back to the ATV. It was in that moment of reverie that
Morgan, out of the corner of his eyes, saw a deer about forty
yards away, slaloming the trunks of leafless trees.

Morgan raised his rifle, shoving the butt of it into his shoulder.
He flexed his pectoral muscle to steady it. The deer hustled by
blurred images of dark trees in the cross hairs of the riflescope.
It looked to be a trophy kill; maybe even a 12-point. Morgan
breathed deeply. When his arms settled, he squeezed the trigger
and smoke enveloped the image of the athletic animal sliding
across fallen, browned leaves.

After roughly 30-minutes Morgan found the deer on its side
in a pile of twigs and leaves. He kicked ir lightly in the ribs,
making sure it was dead, then, as he had seen Gus do many
times, he wedged his boot under the deer’s head and lifted it to
count the points on the rack. When he turned its head from the
leaves he found only a nub of an antler—a smooth white circle
of bone edged with dried red and black tissue. Ir looked too
smooth to havc been broken off. On top of its head was Chinese
lettering branded between the nub and the whole antler.

Morgan pulled a knife from his belt and cut the deer down its
chest to its belly. He pushed his hands into the cur, A wet
squishing sound belched as he pulled out the entrails with a
bandanna tied around his face to thwart the intrusive smell. He
felt by the deer he killed, which with one antler wouldn't make

a good mount. Bringing a freak deer back to Gus wouldn't
support that “everything's all right” facade he wore like a tacky
life preserver. Morgan tried convincing himself that Gus couldn't
really expect him to bring back a deer and he probably just
didn't want people brooding around the lodge all day.

Morgan stood up and put both hands on his lower back. He

stretched backward and yawned, staring at the distant fire

Morgan felt the paranoia thar

.o n the trees

4 “en the gaps ! . ~
bens alone in the woods. It’s the kind of paranoia a
ng 2 ~

se from bein ;
came ng to slecp by itself, urning all the dark objects

5 reli
| pets strugy ; ;
’ sto monsters. There was still a chance of

chile

its bedroom If
; k bear and Morgan wondered if leaving the

encountering @ blac
formed creature W
suddles of blood and guts where grubs and other unseen

ad, de as the thing to do, to leave it there
sad,

next to f

parasites could feast on It.

its hind legs, Morgan dragged it over
stones and dead wood, working his way back to

the path where Gus would pick him up. He thought Gus could
at least sell some of the meat to his customers; maybe make

Gripping the deer by

moss covered

some venison sausage for gift baskets. He stumbled over rusted
cans and corroded logs that broke apart, freeing ants and
centipedes. Dragging the deer cut a line through the debris of

fallen leaves, exposing fresh dirt dark as coffee grinds. He hoped
no one would draw attention to the missing antler. Gus would,
no doubt, but Morgan guessed the firemen at the lodge bar
flirting with Gus'’s wife, Reba, might rib him, especially if drinks
had been poured. In the course of two weeks Morgan becamea
younger brother to two firefighters. They rubbed his head,
messed up his hair, and teased him. Maybe they didn't know
that Gus asked him to bring back a deer to mount on the wall
by the fireplace, Morgan thought. Then again, Morgan knew
how Reba liked to talk and he also knew that it was hard not to
pay attention, to watch her breasts move in her shirt with each
deep breath and sigh.

The deer’s tongue dangled out of its mouth. It was dry and
curled like a shochorn. Morgan waited on Gus for several hours.
He watched airplanes scoop water from the lake. He heard the
echoes of shouting firefighters. He paced the path. He traced
his fingers along the Chinese writing on the deer’s head. The
they grew dark. Morgan decided to walk back to the main
odge.

The fire loomed in the slurred stories droning from sully
firemen, their faces masked with residue of pine smoke,
accentuating the white of their eyes.

The night before, Morgan bonded with some of the fireme?
who worked at the perimeter of the blaze to hinder its moveme™
One of them, a thick guy with a dark face and thin mustache
named Eddie, talked fast and was full of stories. Ix cook ™°
whiskey and waters to get the entertainment going.

Morgan remembered Eddie tell him a story about the othe
fireman, Kirk, the “Captain” as Eddie called him. Eddie
Morgan he and Kirk were at a bar in town and a man with #
bowling shirt got soused and cried about the divorce he ¥ »
Boing through. Eddie said the bartender tried to ignof it ¥
he and Kirk are muffling their laughter by pressing their ips

ho FA. ins

drunk when he tried to punch him.

Morgan stepped into the lodge and look

Eddie hitting the top of it, laughing,

Hie 2
shook his head and looked down into the ice of his drink
Across the small bar Reba leaned under a stuffed otter
She wore a flannel shirt and tight blue jeans. The

soa button of her shirt was undone and
when she bent forward there was

room to glimpse at the shapes ®
contained within. The Captain
said something and pointed at
Eddie, and Reba laughed, her face
blooming red. Morgan couldn't help
looking over the curves the jeans
molded to. He felt the warm beginning
sensation of an erection. There were
times when Reba did things to Morgan
in his mind.

A glow of orange and ycllow light
reflected in the through the lodge
windows.

Morgan walked up to the bar where .
od. SW
Sheslapped the Caprain on the shoulder and wiped
a tear with the underside of her pinkie. Eddie looked
frustrated, but his brows arched when he saw Morgan approach.

“Pour Morgan one,” Eddic said to Reba. “Morgan, you gotta
hear this.”

“I'm all right,” Morgan said looking at Eddie’s mustache and

difty face. “I'm actually pretty tired and thinking about getting

Eddie was on the defensive and Reba laugt

some sleep.”

“Come on Morgan, catch up,” Reba said.

Morgan reached for the glass and his hand grazed Reba's. His
rection flexed against his jeans. He sniffed the glass. It was
strong, but because Reba looked at him and the depth of her
brown eyes seemed to make excuses for him, he took a big gulp
and held in the burning cough.

"Check this out, Morgan. You won't believe what came from
the lake today,” Eddie said.

“Dont worry, Morg. We got official word that Nessy was
D.O.A. so Edward here didn't have to try and save " the
Capnain said. He poked his finger into Eddie's chest then let
ut this big hce-haw sort of southern laugh that hurt Morgan's

Reba and t

ue Captain exchanged glances. Morgan pivoted
away fre . ‘s aire
y from them on his stool and looked at the empty area of
wood paneling 4 empty
Paneling that was a waiting home for the future mount.

He thouehr fe j
te the ughe about the deformity of his kill. It puzzled him what
would have taker

nantler, taken a part of something that took
so much time to grow and develop. He didn't know how to
justify it. For meat, he thought. Bur it didn't seem
right.
“Morgan. You with us man?” Eddie
asked
“Were you dreaming,
Morgan? You were dreaming.
What of?” Reba asked.
“I was just thinking. Not
dreaming. My mind was wandering,
that's all,” Morgan said.
\ *Oh, I'm remembering a dream I had
‘Y Mast tight,” Reba said pressing her fingers
ALS: Sig her temples with her eyes closed.
She tried to make sense of her dreams.
She tapped her temples, looking for
details. She leaned her head back and
her shirt tightened against her breasts.
Morgan imagined doing things to them
¢ in his mind, Hehad never touched them
before. Eddie stared. The Captain brought out a
smoke, then looked over at Morgan, glanced at Reba,
and smiled as he lit the cigarette.
Eddie seemed to sip his drink in frustration. He looked
bothered by Reba interrupting his story.
“Qh, oh,” Reba said quickly as if it was coming to her. “It’s
a roof of one of the cabins. And I'm in my

night time, I'm on

blue nightgown staring at the moon. There are strange things

happening on the moon so far away. I can't tell what it is but
somehow in my

Eddie snorted and rolled his ¢}
¢ in the chest with the back of his hand.

mind I know it’s not right.”
Reba kept hers close. The

s.

Captain chopped Eddi
Morgan adjusted on the stool, trying to find a comfortable

position.

“Yes, and, oh,
of of a cabin but the cabit

look down from the moon a

r, irseems to cover just ab
cops of trees and the moon. Then

Dakota, but I look around
But there's barking. Next

” Reba continued, “the strange thing is that I'm

the ro » is somehow moving back
on th

and forth.

in so much wate!
can only sce the
ge. Its sounds like

nd this cabin is floating
out everything. I look

around and
[ hear a dog barkin

: eit’ ing from.
dean'tsce where ts coming tr

an

ben crites

I'm looking down the stone chimney of this ya

I , 5 it Paws ica ng

Dakora is at the bottom on his hind a s, his fron pa

net the inside of the chimney looking up at me, ) :

ast wes s in the cabin,” the Captain said. “ Thar odd
That's not all, I hear a voice I dont recognize talking to
Dakota It's saying “What is it boy?’ And Dakota disappears
and I see the back of a mans head. He turns around, looks up

he chimney and it’s Gus, except he's clean shaven and looks to
the chimney and
- a lot younger. But I know it's Gus, she said with her eyes

b
still dosed. “I know it’s him somehow.

“Did he say anything?” the Captain asked, crunching out his
cigarette in an ashtray

No, just gave me a puzzled look like he didn’t recognize me,
alook youd ger, Then, I heard Dakota barking again

t's what I woke to. My window was open and Dakota

ca stra

and

was out barking at something. Probably chasing away raccoons

to our garbage.”

or whatever has been getting
Mo ¢ Captain look at her, squinting. He

seemed to pay close attention and Morgan thought maybe he

1 watched

made sense of the dream. Reba opened her eyes and looked
directly at the Captain, probably because he was the only one
that let her know someone was listening, Morgan thought. But


they shared a look of sorrow for a moment.

Let me tell Morgan what I saw today,” Eddie said,

“I don't know,” Reba said, putting her hands up in the air, “it

seemed so strange to me.” She was still talking about the
dream and ignored Eddie,

“Can you make any sense of it Morgan?” Reba asked.

Morgan wanted to say something intriguing. He wanted to
be somebody Reba found interesting.

“I don't know. Maybe the fire is going to go out, or maybe
God is going to bring on the floods to punish us. | heard that
was supposed to happen sometime,” he said.

Reba rested her elbows against the counter and looked down
at the floor. Morgan looked ar her cyes. She looked off somewhere
then sighed. Morgan, flustered, wanted to turn away and go to
his cabin and sleep.

“I just don't know what to make of it,” she said and unscrewed
the bottle of whiskey, She filled up all of their glasses then
leaned against che counter, supporting herself on her palms,

"Do you think the cabin was sinking?” the Captain asked
raising his eyebrows. Reba took a big gulp. She didn’t answer
the Captain but she looked at him sadly. Eddie was getting
drunk and impatient. Reba picked up her glass and kepr looking
at the Captain.

“You guys ready?” Eddie asked, still wanting to tell his story.

The Captain looked over at him. “Christ, Eddie,” he said,

“I'm going to go write the dream down, Maybe that dream

book from the library will help figure it out,” she said, She

bin and into her bedroom, Morgan Stared

walked across the ca
slked away, the erec

Captain and Eddie. They were Staring ar

tion painful against his jeans

at her as she we
he
He looked over at me

her, too.

‘Get this,” Eddie said. .
“Here it comes,” the Captain said resting his head on on

hand and smoking a cigarette with the other,

“I swear it happened. Ask Dan, he'll tell you,” Eddie a

turning to the Captain. Then he turned back to Morgan. *|

swear it happened.”
“What did, Eddie?” Morgan asked. He felt dizzy. Drinking

‘¢ something he was accustomed to.

fasn
at he other side of the lake. You know, the hor Side,

“I was ont
and 1 was making barricades with Dan. We were stacking up

big bags of sand, those heavy fucking things, trying to neutralize
the damned fires. Stop them from spreading.

“So we have this onc barricade stable and Dan comes over to
me to see what area we need to go to next. You know, | Bet to
carry the clipboard with the objectives and all.”

Morgan turned toward a window and stared at the distant
blaze wondering if putting out the fire was on the list. If they
put as much water on the fire as they did whiskey in their bellies
then maybe I wouldn't have to hear this drunk talk, Morgan
thought. He was less interested since Reba left.

“Morgan, you listening?” Eddie asked. “You dreaming again?”

“Yeah, sure.”

So I'm pointing out what needs to be done and one of the
small planes swoops over us. You know how loud those things

are, so we looked up. It starts dumping water. And then... you
ain't gonna believe this. Then . . . | tell you this happened. Then,
this corpse comes tumbling out with the rest of the water. It
was the strangest damned thing I ever seen. It looked like some
dummy or big puppet or something, and it was flipping in all
directions. So it lands right on the border and I’m looking at
Dan and he's looking at me. We don't know what the hell to
say.

“And what did you do Edward?” the Captain asked, his voice
muffled by the countertop,

“I told you already, I ran into the fire and dragged the body
out into the clearing where me and Dan are standing.”

“You went into the fire?” Morgan asked in disbelief.

“What was I supposed to do? I had my suit on. It was quick,”
Eddie said. “Dan's a medic. Heid been able to attend to me if
1 got hurr,”

“And what kind of patient did you bring Dan, Edward?” the
Captain asked.

“It was a drowned Chinese man.”

“You saved a dead guy?” Morgan asked.

gan laughed and the Captain let out another big hee

Mon
ha®:

“This wasn't just a dead guy,” Eddie said pointing at the

Capeain» looking serious. “There was more to him. He was like
some imag
with black slippers. The suit had all sorts of designs on it, And
ere were bones sticking out of his legs. And, oh, get this, he

there
was wears a belt that had a sword attached to it,”

vary guy- He wore a red and gold suit of some sort

“He was wearing @ sword?” Morgan asked.

"He had a long mustache,” Eddie said

he

up behind him and cast its lights across the dirt path to ¢

dock. Morgan turned to see the sheriff behind him.

“Morgan,” the paunchy sheriff said pulling his flashlight from
his belt. “You guys got a body for me to see?” he asked. Then he
leaned into the car and grabbed a clipboard.

Morgan was surprised. “I guess so,” he said.

Morgan stumbled down the path, leading the sheriff to the
main dock, The glow of the fires reflected in the water. Gus and
the fire marshal stood over a corpse stretched across 4 blue tarp

on the dock, The sheriff shook hands with

bbing his mustache with his thumb
rubbing ~
d forefinger: Co ar a both men. The fire marshal leaned down
am * y Jf 2 *
“You're serious?” Morgan y % ) 1% next to the body and recited details

ked. l \ for the sheriff to write down. Gus
asked.

pushed Dakota away from the

*Yeah, I'm serious, Gus
is dealing with the strange

man, He's down by the

lake.”

The Captain lifted his
head up and turned to
Eddie. “Why didn’t you
say Gus was down there
before?”

“What do you care?”
Eddie asked.

“The Chinese man is
dead though?” Morgan
asked.

“As dead as I've scen,” Eddie
said and laughed.

Eddie reached over the counter and
grabbed the whiskey bottle. He filled up
his glass.

“Ir'sso damned strange, Morgan. Think
belong here. Yet he shows up and causes a’
Eddie said.

“What headache? The man was already
dead man can do,” the Captain said and stood up.

Morgan got up and walked to the door. His jeans were loose
ned and saw the Caprain staring

ddie raised his glass. “To the

of it. That guy didn't

Il sorts of headache,”

dead, Not much a

against his waist again. He tur
in the direction of Reba’s room. E
drowned Chinese acrobat,” he said.
Morgan walked out of the lodge a bit
Eddie's voice fade, talking about the best acrobatics he

a

unsteadily, liscening to
had ever

ck looked like silhouettes.

il: led
Morgan started down the path toward them until a Jeep p¥

ody with his foot.
Dakota’s perked his car.

Gus

Morgan. “What are you

y,

looked up at

doing down here,
Morgan?”
“Just seeing if | can
help,” Morgan said.
“Did you have any
the woods

asked.
Morgan ignored him.

luck in
today?” Gus
He stepped around the
sheriff and looked down at
the body. The drowned
Chinese man was bloated and
waterlogged. There were bones
jutting out from his legs, tears in his
all over his exposed flesh were little holes and
fish had been picking at him. And, as Eddie

clothing, and
marks as though
said, there was 4 sword in
belt. But strangest of all, the man

strip of rawhide around his neck.
e?” the sheriff asked Gus, Morgan

anything like him before.

a worn black sheath attached to his
had a deer antler tied to a

“So, you never seen him befor
wondered if anyone had ever seen

“No, never.”
“He never rented from you?

“No.”

“Never had permission
“No, You thinking poacher?” Gus asked.

ff and fire marshal laughed. *No, no,” the sheriff
Jdn't dress like this to sneak around.”
I've seen around here,” Gus said, still

to hunt or fish on this property?”

The sheri
paused, “probably woul
“Ir's the strangest thing al
looking down at the drowned Chi

around here.

nese man. “He aint from

ben crites

oe"

RYE

I “ 2 tO
” the sherift asked, turning

Doesn't work for the county’

fire marshal

I ear Missal
u f b) srcien man I seen neat
Nope He's foreign. 4 nly forcig
the fire marst al said fad
j +) ngs aroune
"Never know what is gonna try to disrupt things are

here,” the sheriff said. “It puzzles me.

h their heads over it. F le walked

Morgan left the men to scratc
ta panting beside him,

path co the main lodge with Dako
1, Startled, Dakota barreled toward the
aced around

essed

up the
finding things to piss or
his bark echoing in the woods. Morgan f

main lodge,
saw Dakota with his paws p

to the side of the lodge and

against the wood underneath a window. He pawed at it, “What

A raccoon?” he said. He quieted the dog but still

Captain and Reba. Morgan stood at


is it, bo

heard whining. It was the C
an angle and glanced in the window, Reba mounted the ca

her face flushed as she shook against him, Morgan stared a

while and then jerked away and looked off in the distance

ptain,

where the fires only seemed brighter and the lake shallower. It

didn't seem that anything was going to put out the fires.

Morgan lay on his bed, the fires flickering through his window.
He closed his eyes and thought of Reba topless. He thought
about squeezing her breasts, thought about it over and over.

There was a knock on his door.

Reba stood outside hugging herself in the cold. Morgan let
her in, She smelled of apples and hickory smoke. There was still
color in her cheeks.

“Sorry to bother you,” she said. “I just . . . I chink something
is wrong with Gus,”

Reba sat next to Morgan on his bed and the smell of her

pervaded the cabin.

“He's distant these days,” she said and began to cry. She

looked down at Morgan's lap to where he adjusted his jeans.

“What do you mean?” Morgan asked.

“It feels like everything is over; that I've lost him.”

“It’s the fire. He’s worried about losing Missauga.”

“I know, but. .. there's more to it than that.” She sniffled and
dabbed at her eyes with a tissue, “He knows something, Morgan.
Something I'm not ready to tell you,”

“You can tell me,” Morgan said, squeezing Reba's shoulder
and smelling her hair, He tried to think of something else,
something strange that could keep his mind off of Reba, but it
wasn't working. His erection flexed against his jeans.

“Morgan, youre so young...”

kissed Reba She was as lifeless and still as the one-
ssc eva-
Morgan 4

on

antlered

| ring a dirt path in the woods. Morgan
deer ro’ hs 5
cand looked Reba in the eyes.
Jid that. I'm lonely a lot of the time.

d that. )

and edged backwards toward the door. “]

withdrev

“I'm sorry lc

Reba stood up
are, Morgan. C
I suppose we sk
over what rook plac
ast couple weeks. Morgan thought about his
vould be spoiled because he left it alone for

“an we just forget it happened?”

know you Sees
j sould.” For a while they were both

“Yeah,

ulling ¢, not just then, but over the
quiet, mu 4
course of the |
deer, that the meat w

too long. He watched R

“Look, Morgan. ] came
Gus and I don't know if I can fix it. I need you to

He'll always listen to you.”

cha’s chest heave with cach breath.

here to tell you that something is

wrong with
talk to him, Morgan.
“What about?”

“Just hear him out
She shut the door and Morgan, alone again, fell back onto his

bed. He worried about the deer he killed, that Gus might
n the woods. He had to get to it before Gus did.

and tell him it isn’t worth it.”

stumble on it i
Fora while he felt ashamed that he had kissed Reba, but soon

that feeling left him when he remembered seeing her with the
Captain, He held onto that image, of Reba and the Captain
naked and aggressive, until his breath shortened and he felt his
pulse pound strongly throughout his entire body. He held on
until the image didn't interest him anymore and a feeling of
sadness came over him.

Morgan kept his eyes closed and dreamed. He imagined the
drowned Chinese man trapped at the bottom of the lake,
underneath large sunken logs. He imagined the Chinese man
grabbing for his sword but not being able to reach it, not being
able to free himself from the mess that trapped him, drowning
and not able to make it to the surface of the water.

Morgan rolled over and balled up. The warmth of sleep crept
over him. He imagined the drowned Chinese man riding atop
the deer with one antler, galloping in the dried mud wasteland
that was Lake Missauga. He saw them riding past old sunkes
fishing boats, past corroded treasure chests, past piles and piles
ee fe large chunks of wood with old rusted fishing

iged in them, and past large boulders covered in mos:
Phe a ie faster and faster past all kinds of rusted
farther and oES i hey Sh ah the shy and Bog
sini pelt il Aue beast with one antler was —ae
ee i we an ea taken the strange man age Xe

things the lake oat ee ate conser ie a f

hiding. Morgan fell asleep thinking of those

thin i hh
gS, things that would surface into reality without any other
place to hide,
