Though I begin this story with the sincerest thought to record events as they actually happened, I owe an absolute responsibility to history to inform the reader—should there be a reader—that, of the memories I carry, those recall days before my creation are somewhat unclear. Furthermore, the haste that I must necessarily employ ensures certain inaccuracies in the form of summary. And if the end-times sun undoes the magic that made me or bakes my limbs into useless branches, you should know that it is the same kilny

sun whose light I count on to envitrify my words into the

ig! Wk Pee Boe ?.

was displeased in the extreme when she found honey was coming from boxing. She had the blood money, as she called it, when word neighborhood that Paul “The Maul” Stein sht by clocking one of the Italian boys and

Y,.,*° a «

" ian boys and

iat ind ee SY StOcKing one of the Italian se gs

blinding him in One eye. Consequently, Paul and his fiancée a modest savings, ,

They had planned to Bebra brit to 8 Fhe red, Ty haa, Se ro

Stein's cooking like the spices of the east. Holly would im.

ay ae ee ee re ee

on lucky days, to bestow upon them ludicrously large tips in exchange for everyday kindness.

It was on one such occasion that Paul first heard the name Israel ben Muhammad. Holly normally paid scant attention to changes of leadership in the company, but Ackupott by an Arabian oil baron ed Th € precipitated an especially large shake-up

in management for the East Central apartment buildings took effect. Notices were first posted to inform the residents on that very day. They were on all the walls, and in all the mailboxes. They were given by hand to every occupant, sometimes more than once. The postings shrouded the fine sheeny wallpaper with a quiltwork of mottled parchment.

In order to keep the “criminal element” at bay—some anti- Arab graffitoism had taken place in the otherwise immaculate children’s daytime care facility—all residents were asked to carry punch cards. In addition, for reasons that were poorly explained, rent would be upped for certain occupants, Paul and Holly would have to pay more than triple the normal due.

The old landlord's chair and desk were replaced with a velveteen paisley dos-a-dos, and a new door had been cut, presumably into the adjoining suite. Paul defiantly pounded on the door, though he knew he wasn't even supposed to be in this office-cum-foyer. “Hey Mac, that area is off limits now,” one of the janitors had explained to Paul, whose punch card was already scuffed and bent from being tried in all the newly-locked doors that metamorphosed the building into the impregnable Egyptian tomb its locus trumeaux had al-

ae bragged it was. The janitor had diffused Paul's evident tage when he Punched his own card, as payback he said, for the five bucks he'd won off last week's fight. “I wouldn't mind if you Rave thar ioe. lacidtac! mee eee

ut ber. The conversation did not go well, Paul spoke, facing away from the landlord, who lounged in a freestanding washbasin, smoking from a long meerschaum pipe whose smoke did a better job keeping away the flies than the peacock plume he switched them with. Ben Muhammad sat quietly until Paul had exhausted his lexis in a blubbering plea that touched on the wedding, elderly parents, and the potential for injuries in his line of work.

“Please have a seat in the foyer while I consider your case, Mz Stein.”

Paul did as he was asked to, but he found himself scratching the extravagant gold leafwork from one of the dos-a-dos's arms, The repetitive motion calmed him.

“You will be billed for defacing the furniture. “ The secretary's voice itched over the loudspeaker. “This fiancée you mentioned; she lives with you here, does she? In that

ere Se ray. He RS ES, Gl

“One moment Mr. Stein...Mr. ben Mohammad says that he will be claiming your fiancée as well.” “Whar?” “Mr. Stein,” it was ben Muhammad's voice this time. “Because of the problems you've caused here today, your tenancy has been terminated. The lease will be transferred to the name of Miss Landis. She will stay here with me, where you may trust that she will be in good hands.” “Just who in hell do you think you are?” “Sir, please try to understand. She is mine. Since before you were born, I've dwelt on that face. I realize you love her, but I loved her first. You see, ‘“ when my father brought me to New York as | a boy, the beauty of American women as- ] tounded me. But there was one in particular. Her name was Honey. The wife of Milt woule Landis, her face caused my heart to weep. It was the memory of aaaes which I fol MING

! >. POF 2ST Act ip eres - pees “ « of Milt and Honey Landis. She will be my bride. Please leave the premises now. Do not f h at

attempt to reenter your apartment.”

“That will be all Mr. Stein,” concluded land]

. the secretary.

On the way out, Paul regretted nor pro- =) ood

voking the guards who stood by to see that he boarded the elevator to the lobby. As he hoo /

stepped out the front door, a voice sounded from above.

“Hey, you're the sparrer. Pauler the Mauler, right?” An overalled man squatted on the top rung ofa ladd a pile of gold foil in one hand, and a jar of paintbrush jutting from it in the other. He s Scottish accent. “Do you live here?”

“Not anymore.”

“Too bad. I suppose you don't like the management? Well, alot of folks round here feel that way. I can’t say as I share the opinion, though. Ifit weren't for Mr Mohammed, I wouldn't

have a job. My family and me flew all the way from Edinburgh, and Mr. ben Muhammad pai

er, holding glue with a poke with a

Paul threw his body against the ladder, and picked an the little man by the collar. Several onlookers fled, but one of them—the janitor fram aint ee

Bat See, ye r

find hog wung a fist at the air Paul bloodied the artist’s nose and lips, dropped him and xed his ears; he would have killed the man if he hadn't

<2 gt A GRE Ta RE oy aan ae ©. *. =a Gea e- and dragged off by a gang of security guards. .

1- Another guard hollered, “Cut him off, he’s heading acros. ; ae Holly were supposed to meet at the foot of the Empire State Building, but there was little chance hea Muhammad would allow that to happen, so instead he | u hopped a jittery trolley into Jewish Harlem. Ghetto faces lined with cracks stared at Paul, like ancient pot. tery sitting alongside a museum reproduction : vA designed to imitate the beauty of newness. Mrs. Stein’s tenement was infested with age, from the / dn 7 ladies with pepper pot figures to the tall-hatted Hassidic men who discussed philosophy ove, d 1 chess. Even the Irish boys who Played stickbal] out front seemed oddly wise for their age. Pay had grown up here, but he felt he had pam. VaAVe Se away his, street wisdom. He no longer be. longed.

hlew “What should I do, mom?” |

“Stay here with me. Holly will know where to ord a

find you.”

é Ittook Paul a few days to realize that his mother

right was wrong. He had taken out his anger in the

yy boxing ring. He told his mother of the Micks

oe) and Negroes he had beaten, no doubt winning his fans more than a few dollars. He didn’t mention the Jewish boxer that would never again be able to bite into a fresh apple with his own teeth because of Paul’s cal lused fists. One night, Paul went back to the apartment building dressed in his late father’s ragged work clothes. Paul and

Holly’s apartment was on the seventh floor, and he could barely make out shapes moving in yellow light. He stared for nearly half an hour befo

re he saw Holly looking out the window. He shouted up to her, but she didn’t seem to heat

huge can of garbage that he dragged towards the alley. He said that ben Muhammad had allowed himtnibce Asap oo oe

Paul bloodied the artist's nose and lips, dropped him and boxed his ears; he would have killed the

Paul’s mother was shocked. “Rabbi Samson's only a rabbi in title. The man is the aI alush. Don't you go near him.” It turned out that Samson was a lascivious nose al whoremonger who was rumored to mas-

turbate at the talkie theaters. “Uncut dr opp Samson,” they called him. He was, howand bo

ever, also a renowned mystic and that’s what made up Paul’s mind. Nobody

doubted the Rabbi's powers. a After a particularly bloody match, Paul ea fi Ss ; hi

delivered himself to a gas-torch lit door- - way that stood Rennes level only two have ki blocks from his mother’s apartment build-

ing, The door had a bronze plate inscribed ma with Hebrew letters, though with the streaked green corro-

sion and Paul's limited knowledge of Yiddish, he could only

eee eee te eae

Samson was a fat and greasy slob whose once-exquisite accommodations had been used beyond their capability, and now exuded a pungent fetor that seemed to waft out of holes in the carpeting. The rabbi glanced at Paul seniors dothing and said, “You cantafford my prices.” Paul told him that there was plenty of money in the ring for anyone tough enough to claim it. Samson laughed at the implied threat, but 4% waved him inside any- # way.

“I know of Israel ben Muhammad. He’s

self, like most of the world’s better men. Your fiancée would be well off to stay with him rather than a low-born boxer from the

sense of these awful circumstances, the rabbi emerged from behind a curtainwall. “It is done. The girl will be yours. Now give me whatever money you have and go away.” Paul didn’t know what to expect, if anything, but he couldn't stand to waste time in actionless wondering, so he walked as

oe

fast as he could to the apartment building whose neo-Egyptian facade dripped silver rain like mercury in the bright moonlight. Holly was there, waiting in the alley. She was silent. Paul tried to talk to her, but she seemed not to know him. She didn’t respond at all unless she was asked a direct question or given a command. “Are you okay?”

He told Holly she would have to come with him, but she followed at a snail’s pace, and when he carried her, he wasn't able to move much faster.

The wall back x to o Harlem ended as the sun was rising over Mrs. Stein's apartment. Though he collapsed with exhaustion in his mother's spare bedroom, his mind was restless with angry confusion. Holly lay open-eyed next to him, and when Paul finally ' gave up the fight to keep his eyes closed, she accompanied him arm-in-arm through the foggy morning street. The rabbi’s door appeared to be stout, but it only took one solid blow to unhinge it com-

pletely, allow-

es and to bear scrolls Of ta" surprise, nude, piggish, and im by the arm, sinking strong synch to the face was stop

iken by Sup rees eee en at bbed him by the arm, sinking strong sucker punch to the face was Stop

zing, blow to his own spine. 4 poing to kill him for ruining MY

FO Ee ee one wrestling match. But, their battle was not yet

to be. The fleshy slap of each strike quieted to nothing while the apartment filled with thick incense smoke until both men collapsed in a desperate embrace. They awoke lashed to- __ and cuspended over a smokeless fire and

desperate embrace. They awoke lashed

to- tat

less fire and er and suspended over a smoke ES began to struggle against each l as he

ainst the ropes, and against the flame. see you,” Se Muhammad yelled in 5 e t h é between curses, “Holly, go get the money in my safe.” Paul stopped slamming his skull SU SP against the other man’s in time to see her run

out the open door. It left both men relieved Ove

enough to stop struggling.

“If you think I want Miss Landis’s body, you're mistaken. Soon, I'll have the body to SM ol

take the women I wasn’t strong enough to take up lV

in this body. I’m glad you both showed

here, but it’s a pity that a golem fit for a wizard has to be wasted.” He swung a lumpy arm towards an unre-

alistically muscular clay sculpture of ben

Muhammad. “It

took a long time to find a body sturdy enough to suit my tastes.” He stroked the arm of the sculpture, and snickered. “You should be thankful. This magnificent creature is beyond value. It was fashioned in 1654 by Dutch Jews, fleeing the Portuguese in South America. They offered it to the Gov. ernor of New Amsterdam to protect the city from the Swedes,

but instead he arrested the Jews and put the

golem up for

auction. It sat in a Brooklyn root cellar for three hundred

years until I found it. Soon, you will fulfi

watching over this city—my city—at my

Il the purpose of bidding. You will

inhabit a body with quite a pedigree. Personally, I'd rather

have the real ching.” Samson's cheeks red proached the men,

man, And when I have your face,

will control your wealth. How much are lions? Billions?”

oD Ngee ae

PS my

dened and he ap-

gazing away from their eyes, “Wh have your body Mr. Stein, I’ll be strong but I ce

‘ll still be hu-

Mr, ben Muhammad, |

you worth? Mil-

Samson began chanting in a tongue neither of the men gs oa ao ~~

“1 his hands as he alternated

the flames We yi rhythms. On one cycle, he a and addressed the two men. “Have you ever heard at Gilgamesh, who would split a baby in half so Ps 4 ing women could share motherhood?” feb. “[sn’t that the story of Solomon?” said ben “hut up,” The corners of Samson’s mouth turned 4 his eyes widened. “I told you each rad

an upward pe I never rescind a promise.” Woman, an4 ey “Don't kill her, please,” said Pay Samson waited for the end of dhe daa

ake reply. “Idiots, you think I would kil yee girl? You two can continue your fight

Yai to- Ss Kags youkbe kcal aa Killing isa sin.”

Ve and The rising flames drew Paul's eyes. He could see that they were hanging above a burning

al 2 d bush. “Lord God,” he screamed, “please help

MO aera amielt Yr a Rabbi Samson laughed. “Yahweh,” headdressed the bush by God’s ancient name. : $ require of me, great eless Betis: do you req gn = “Give me the wealth of the oil baron and Fees the strength of the boxer.” “Shall I cast their souls into hell?” “No,” he said even as his body was being reshaped, “ensod the golem doubly.” As he spoke, the fat seemed to melt from Rabbi Sams” body, and his skin seemed to darken, become more y° Paul had trouble focusing on the rabbi. The scene wast jumble of images, and he could see his own body fromthe outside, writhing in exact complement to ben Muhama™* He could see both bodies starting to dissolve into awip smoke over the burning bush. Soon, the rabbi’s body ft its distortion, Paul tried to move stiff limbs, but clunky and he seemed sn Aan charwhich War co mne

clunky and he seemed undecided about which way © en His emotions too were a jumble. They were still filed ‘a hate for Samson and love for Holly, and bee Muhammad. Bur there was self-loathing 3 ¥°" M uhammad was present inside him. ors 4 Yahweh, partition the golem.” With the rabbis chaotic admixture of souls ended in pain. A if en down the center of the clay form, singeing bot ini

Cesta king a boundary that kept ben Muh sie iT ‘aul in the right, ' ales Rniat eee ie, gh eee a Tbe in fe

body With ES

open doorway: Paul tried to stand, but he had no control over his—the

golems—left leg. “Damn it,” he said out of the right side of pony you damned idiot. Ifit wasn't for your ays Ah Set Aero REED)

Ka ann aa it > ey out of the right side of es a eYoudambel idiot. Ifit wasn't for your greed, I'd € ee wife and youd have your riches.” He began punchsinh side of his face, chipping greenware knuckles a an “The left arm tried to do the same to the right side, an

hey struggled until both eyes cried in tearless despair.

eck eee a pe Nr

Eventually, the leit site ST Stop it; Mr. Stein.”

The left arm flung itself limply to its side, and the right continyed to work at destroying them both, pounding deep cracks in

er ak. Bey |

face.

“] really do love her.”

“You don't know what love is,” said Paul. He took a breath and put the hand to his forehead, feeling dust and bits of clay slough off underneath his fingers.

He pounded until his caly muscles ached, then the golem sat solemnly in front of the smokeless fire.

“Help me. All I want is to hold my Holly again, even

under these circumstances,” said the right side of the Golem

Ce jee,

“What can I do? Robbed of my body and rendered in clay, what good can I be?” asked the left.

“I don't know. I cant think. I can’t do anything; I can't even cry,” said the right.

“Can this god of yours help?” asked the left.

Paul considered this for a moment. God wasn’t supposed to be part of his vocabulary. He was aman of the flesh; a man of the fist.

“Ofcourse,” Paul started to lean forward with the right side of the golem’s body, and ben Muhammad followed his lead with the left. The fire rose at the movement.

“Yahweh, help us. Give Holly her free will back.”

“I have made a covenant to give each of you command over the girl's will. I cannot breach that covenant.”

+. a kote Le,

expand. Soon, the ceili ng bowed against the golem’s shoulders, then it broke and debris fell from the upper levels of the apartment building into the basement. The fire consumed it all, and the golem had to step away to keep from hardening into bisque. As the golem grew greater and greater, the partition grew thinner and thinner, stretching, imperceptibly be-

ISON,

9

It was in that fire that my story begins. Though the rabbi had divided me in two, I had to work as one being. Oftentimes, I wish I had continued to grow and grow until my body formed a world

unto itself. Alas, that was not to be.

I was compelled towards the pinnacle where my lover would be opening a safe full of money on an upper floor. [stumbled and fell along the way, rending ironwork and bits of pavement under my weight. By this time, my feet were the size of

et eet

didn’t care. My cares were torn between love and hate briefly, when I saw the tiny rabbi scurry into one of the East Central apartment buildings. I ignored him, and grasped at the Empire State building with an enormous hand, breaking windows and bending steel. I climbed until vat ot with my left eye into the office where Holly

PS "we me, but by then I

T WraDPed OIC aE ee at one could lift che other and give Holly somewhere to stand. She obeyed, climbing out the window into my giant clay hand. Asshe did so, the building started tipping and screeching. | stepped down in time to back away and watch it fall like a tree, with tiny people diving hopelessly from the windows. The collapse obliterated all of the East Central apartment buildings in one long, billowing crunch, The city was alive

ot sane caine every which ways and maybe no one noeb at backstroke into the

_-_Y

toa frozen statue, | XN you may find ~~

my body on the © |

4

the petrified mangrove tree he'd been us eA ing as a writing utensil, and then started a new column of inscription, “In glory to the Prophet

ings him), I write this tale ina (blessings be upon aim) 1 write this tale ina
