| ted buckets of paint, anda tool box, all covered

and bolts, rusted 0° =

istec

b that have crisp, lifeless insects

; 1s of spider we

vith stranc we

ough it like Christmas lights.

strung thr

: i cuss at the damned spider webs as

I empty the wag z3

, > wagon anc

I disentangle myself from them. I pile everything against the

. sryvthi i

disentangte 1)

wall and pull the rickety wagon to the old banana seat bike,

the wagon’s wheels squeaking along

the way.

I ride the bike down our dirt

driveway while pulling the wagon

until is wheels lock crooked and I

cant correct it and the thing falls over

by the mailbox. I get off the bike and kick the wagon, leaving a dent in its side. I cuss and pace. My mother stares at me from the front window. I don’t know how much she’s witnessed. I wonder if she feels like she has any part of my tantrum, if she feels like she provoked it. I turn the wagon upright and pedal hard to get away.

My crotch is soaked in sweat and my wet underwear is chaffs my leg, the beginning of a rash. Beside me is empty country, fields of prairie grass that have lost their pigment, a lightyellow mess of dying fields. On the other side of the gravel road is a stretch of woods. I stare off into the openness of the sky, my eyes probing the horizons, while | pedal to the rhythm of the squeaking wagon. When I pull up Mrs. Dawson’s drive, I notice there isn’t any corn set out for the ducks at her little pond. There are usually mounds of it. Only a few ducks remain. They float on the surface of the pond and dip their heads down,

scavenging for some food at the bottom,

F} | pull the wagon up to the rotted, gray

fence parallel to Mrs. Dawson’s front

walkway. My legs are weak and

throbbing.

I ring Mrs. Dawson's

doorbell four times, No answer,

I check the knob and it’s

unlocked, There’s a foul smell

inside. I heara man anda woman

arguing in the back of the house.

I walk down a hallway lined with paintings of parrots and

into a small living room. There's a birdcage with its door, byt

no sign of any bird in the house except for some feathers on

the floor. I see Mrs. Dawson’s white head of hair tilting to

the side of a wheelchair she sits in. The chair has a contro]

panel on the right arm that looks motorized. In front of Mrs.

Dawson, a man and woman fight

I saw him,

on her color'T-V. I call Mrs. Dawson's

name but she doesn’t answer. J cal]

morning and

again, louder, butstill no answer. The

woman on the television cries and night, standing

tells man with his back to her she

loves him. Mrs. Dawson's mouth is

agape and her skin is almost an olive

on the slanted

color. Her chest slowly expands. I

nudge her cheek a few times with

floor of our

my hand. She opens her eyes and

grabs this large hearing aid off a T.V.

small kitchen

tray beside her.

“Is Thomas here?” she asks. Her

in front of the

body convulses when she speaks. Her

voice is small and coarse, as if she has sink, drinking

laryngitis.

“It’s me, Jack,” I say. She clenches

glass after

her lips together tightly and leans

her head forward. She raises.a shaking glass of discol-

hand covered with a few dark liver

spots to her right ear.

“Do you remember me?” Lask. “?'m

ored water...

your neighbor, Jack,” I say, raising

my voice.

“Where's my Thomas?”

“Who's Thomas?” I ask.

She reaches to the T:V. tray again and grabs a framed picture.

In it isa woman wearing a red dress next toa man ina Navy

uniform, and between them, lower in the picture, is a young

man who looks to be in his twenties wearing a plaid shirt. I'd

guess the picture is pretty old. She points to the boy in the

plaid shirt. He looks like a younger version of the man I saw

in her car with her around Christmas.

“He's so handsome,” she says.

On the television, the man starts walking away from the

woman but she grabs his shoulder and turns him around.

She cries and tells him she loves him, again, like it’s the only

thing she can say to make him stay with her.

“Can I use your car? I need to run to the grocery for my

mother,” I say,

“Is Thomas with you?” she asks.

ymas, I say.

don't know The “No, |

ave me this,” she says resting her

back soon. Heg “He'll be

good

. at television. He’s a goo

heelchair, “and th

10use.

don her W han

e room, marveling at how Mrs. Dawson kid. ; | walk out of th

e the last ime I spoke with her. I walk push the has declined sinc down the h and hear the

allway

e television scream

What she woman on th i

a fit of *No!” and break down into crying.

doesn t know is

ide and past my bike ] walk outs

| raise the and wagon to the garage. door and there isn'ta sedan anywhere.

that I saw my There are boxes filled with clothes. Some are filled with cookware and

father flirting newspapers. blue

There’s a

ed couch and chair, too. But upholster

with a senior no sedan. Awhite and blue object thrashes in

soccer player the treetops as | ride back to my mother. I stop peddling and coast to

shortly before the side of the road. I get off the bike and skulk toward the object hanging

his departure. in the trees.

I's a parachute flapping about seventy yards from my bike. I have to keep swatting away gnats to geta good look arit. I begin to dimb the tree until I hear moaning about ten yards away. There is a man wearing blue jeans and a navy button-up flannel shirt laying face down on the ground. A gray pack with two lengths of rope extending from it, both with frayed ends, is fastened to his back. He moans through dried blood on his lips and chin. I feel his body. His legs and some ribs are broken. I don’t know how long he has been lying there. I reach in his back pocket and pull out his wallet. There's a picture of him and three women, probably his wife and two daughters. His driver's license indicates that he’s Henry David Wright and is thirty-three years old. I grip my hands under his arms to see if there are any breaks in

bathroom. his bones. They are all right so 1 drag Henry out of the woods to my bike.

My lower back aches. He is still breathing but I don’t know if he will make it to my bike. He probably weighs about one hundred and seventy-five pounds, about eighteen more than me. When I get to my bike, Henry is unconscious.

me.

crites ben I heave him into my wagon and throw the bike off the side e the road, and then I pull the wagon back to my mothers

It’s dark when I get home and fireflies flash in the fields. I

front door open and drag Henry inside by his

arms. I rest him by the door and check

his pulse. It’s weak. I leave him there

momentarily and walk into the kitchen

where my mother sits at the table with

her back to me. I don’t know if she

notices I’m home or if she even expects

me back. She has a shoebox of

photographs next to her and is crying

under the dim kitchen light.

“Mom,” I say, concerned.

She doesn’t say anything and grabs

another picture from the shoebox.

“Mom,” I say again.

She sniffles and says, “I know how to

treat aman, Jackie. I really do.”

I step back to the front door and grab

Henry by the arms and drag him past

the opening to the kitchen and into

the bathroom. I start filling the tub

with cold water then I prop Henry in

it. I go back to the kitchen.

My mother must've heard me come in. She says, “I was

good to your father, Jackie. I know how to treata man.”

“T really do,” she says.

“Damn it, Mom,” I yell, “listen to me.”

She stands up and slaps me about as hard as she can. It

sends me to my knees. Tears surface in my eyes and at that

moment I want to be the man in the bathtub, the

one so close to death.

“Don't you cuss at me,” she says standing

“Don't you ever treat me that way.”

over me.

She pauses for a moment, breathing heavily

and crying, “Where are the groceries?” she asks.

of Fireflies Nature The

I can’t form words in my dry throat. She stands

ails and then goes toward the

over me and W

ater on,” she says» “You waste water?”

“And you leave the w

ks into the bathroom. My chest

I step outside as she wal

ce stings. | try to compose myself

hurts. My back hurts. My fa

g lights of fireflies surrounding

while staring at the flashin

“Mom,” | say.

1. She says she knows how

hour later ] enter the house with dry cyes. IV4)

) FE ;

: mi ;

i ing in the bathroon

er is talking int

moth '

and over again. I step into the

:

to take care of a man, over

acked opening of the bathroom

hallway and peek into the cr

door. My mother is sits on the edge of the bathtu , sti

crying. She's delirious. “I know how to treat a man, she sobs. She wipes a rag against Henry's forehead. He's dead.

She stands up and pulls her shirt off. “See,” she says. Her skin is pale and I see the sides of her sagging breasts. Then she pulls down her jeans and her white cotton underwear. She stands naked in front of the dead pilot.

“See,” she says.

I turn away and walk into the kitchen. I pull out the letter to Solomon from my waistline. I’m about to open it when light. flood

into the kitchen. I look out i the window and there's my mother’s Honda with } Solomon turning off the lights and

— walking toward the front door, the car still running. I put the letter in the shoebox.

[ meet Solomon at the front door before he can knock

“Hey, Jack, what's going on buddy?” ¥

“Nothing,” I say.

“Hey, did you hear about that plane crash from the oth, . !

day? You know, when we had that big storm,” he says et

No,” I say. “I don’t know what happened to the television ; ant

I say, looking at him sternly.

“Oh,” he says. “Hey, is your mother around?”

“Nope, she’s gone.”

“Good. Do you mind if I come in and look around? |

think I left my watch here. You know, it has leather

straps.

I stare off behind him at my mothers

Honda. I watcha firefly light up then

disappear. I stand there fora

moment and wait for it to

reappear, but it doesn't,

“Come on in,” |

say, still looking for

that firefly to light

up a. “I think |

saw it in the

bathroom,” | say

and let him in.

—Then I walk

outside, get into

the car, turn on

the lights, and

“disappear.

\ me :

| the floating liars’ club

$15

Businesscard ads.

a

—

Endurance

Shrimping Co.

est. 1971

“More than just shrimp.”

Fishing the Georgia coast.

14 Lighthouse Rd.

Indifference, GA

the floating liars’ club

$15

Businesscard ads.

crites ben Experience the mystery that is... Lake Missauga

Hunting lodge and camping

facilities located on the

pristine banks of Lake

M issauga.

HUNTING

BOATING

FISHING

Se

CAMPING

Family owned and operated.

Burt’s Meat House

Fireflies of Nature The

Serving Savory Simulations

519 Whitney St.
