The only thing Glenn Shaw didn’t like about his job was the sensor implanted just below his right jaw line. On the other hand, he figured, for the kind of money he made, they could put a sensor up his butt.

He scratched his neck. Damn thing always acted up when rain was threatening. Larry Guccio, Glenn’s supervisor, didn’t

seem to be bothered by his implant. Feet propped up, head back, he looked like a corpse, indistinguishable really, except for the heavy snoring. Glenn felt like kicking his chair and waking him up just to have someone to talk to. Instead, he began to doodle on his monitor.

Wednesdays were slow at the center, For some reason members didn’t play much on Wednesdays. Swing shift hadn't had a run all night so midshift probably wouldn't either.

Bored with his drawing, Glenn cleared the screen and punched up the technical manual for the Sekimine fiber

maintenance unit.

FIB MAINT; SEC 4A... VOL IL... TRAC 2...D 675 SEKIMINE FIB MAINT UNITS 4, 6,8. ENSURE AREA IS CLEAN

Place section to be restituted near victim i position of normal configuration.

Enter victim's BIO CODE at control pane. Place entire victim in Sekimine regenerator models 4, 6, or 8.

(Note: Models 5 and7 Operate manually, reference Trac 677 for appropriate operating procedures.)

Secure hatch, Timing priority is automatically programmed.

n approximate

ee ce ae Lt “ed at his watch. Shed been

for the section monitor to minute. Ringo felta little wife alone and dead in the

tnd of perverts wandered

Se gee TE — res, plenty oftime for We en ould be there any minute. Ringo fel

his wife alone and dea

about leaving no telling what kind of perverts W:

respond. rio, ut leaving his wife al

uncom! rk. There was nO telling what kind of around this ime of night. He sighed. That was part of the game

hough. Murderers don’t stick around

She was lovely, and she'd been strangled.

Her skin wasa cool ivory in the street lights. She lay crumpled on the pavement, the clinging satin dress flowing around the soft curves of her body. Her eyes, wide open and glazed, were bluer than the cursor of his monitor screen. A wide brimmed sun hat lay near her, a plastic daisy sewn to its side.

Glenn opened the back of the van, pulled outa spirit bag

and the portable compressor. He wrapped her in the bag, sealed stand arrachai «i. 1. uur ae nS wah

“Radio on,” Glenn said.

“Bob,” came the announcer’s smooth voice, “ giving us the latest news,”

“Well,” said Bob, “It’s been an interesting day. Some. usual winners have lost and some otthaniccel le

How.

Well, said Bob, “It’s been an inte usual winners have lost and some won. The Bullets really took a beati teen points to the Eagles, Charles during the first quarter of the pl

resting day. Some of the of the usual losers have ng today, losing by seven- Dandy lost his left hand ay, but was back in the

“And the winner for this evening ; number 0799987-00a.” Glenn listen until the news programming ended tad the station returned to regular Program, ming, A heavy beat began and asad yo

sath Poe |

As the tune drummed on, the van drifted through the center's security shield and floated into its parking spot.

Baker, Daisy J.

Female

Blu, Bld, 45kg, 167 cm Joint membership Spouse: Ringo L Baker Acct. No. 448399969

Itwas eight in the morning when Glenn finally got home. The television shouted at him as he entered. “And now, for you folks at home, your choices are: the red button, the gree button, the blue button, or, if you're feeling lucky; the mystery button.”

Glenn’s parents watched intently as the emcee gave al’ ; Pansive wave toward the curtain which was opening behin him. Each had their remotes firmly in hand. His mothes hait

pinned ghtly in cello curlers, glanced nervously from be remnra er cl... C a ee = yee Pe eA

NSE eRe SEACETICT ATOR WEG Chea

television screen, “Red, green, or blue?” she whispered, @P- Ping her lips with an index finger. She wouldn't risk the mystery button, but his father, morning hair in disarray; On€

slipper An an toe eae om

ee ae

mS ; ebegan to think about moving out.

After he finished this latest job, he'd have enough credits for a down payment on an apartment—Just a down payment. Then hed have to find someone to split the rent with him.

There was Sadie...but Glenn didn't know if he could handle living with her. She was a pop tab collector, seven thousand could win you a free trip to Las Vegas or a weeks worth of shopping at any participating mall. Sadie was the kind of girl who always kept her head down looking for discarded tabs on the street.

But she did have a nice body and she wasn't too particular about loaning it out. With his hands behind his head, Glenn began to consider the idea a bit more. What he really needed was a woman like this Daisy Baker he had picked up earlier. A woman like that might put him into high gear, make him take some kind of definitive action in his life.

Back in the living room his mother pushed the red button.

“Qh!” Daisy said as Glenn helped her down from the regenerator rack. Holding her elbow, he walked her across the room to the recovery couch.

“How do you feel?” he asked.

“A little dizzy,” she said. “But that will pass. Italways does.” She looked him up and down. “Are you new here?”

“Been here three weeks now.”

“What happened to Roger?”

“Roger?”

“The other guy who worked here, gave me preferential treatment.”

“I..uh...guess he quit. He wasn't here when I started.”

‘\ She was even more beautiful alive, Glenn thought.

“Areyou hungry?” heasked, thinking: Rule number three—

J victims are always hungry after being rejuvenated. “Starved!”

” Daisy said. “He kind of

“I know this wonderful little French restaurant just east of the park. It serves the best food.” She looked around suddenly. “Where's my purse?” “It wasn’t around when I picked you up. I found your hat though.” Glenn went across the room and got Fit for her. “Look,” he said. “I've only gota few credits and anyway, it’s four ' inthe morning, I doubt if that place would be open. So, how about a burger?” f= Daisy took her hat and popped it on her head. “Guess I don’t have much choice since you're buying,” she smiled.

At four in the morning Burt's Meat House had only one customer...and he was ordering to-go. The attendant, who had been slouching over the service counter, perked up as

Daisy walked through the door. He sneered

at Glenn, but gave Daisy a goofy, yellowtoothed smile.

They ordered two Burt Beanburgers, two nutrapops, and two sides of soyfries. The attendant took their orders grudgingly, then watched Daisy's behind as she and Glenn found themselves a table. “So, what do you play?” Daisy asked as

they slid into the booth.

“J don't play anything. I work.” “Oh, I haven't tried that yet. Maybe next year.”

‘The attendant shuffled over with their burgers. He crooked his neck as he tried to get a glimpse down Daisy's low cut dress. She frowned and he slinked off.

Her eyes are so blue, thought Glenn. He found himself swooning a bit.

Daisy took a bite from her burger and wiped a drop of mayonnaise from her lower lip.

“How did you get involved with the Center?” Glenn asked.

“My husband. He likes the games.”

“Do you?”

“1 don’t know,” she said, shrugging and bouncing her head

from side to side. “I’ve always been a victim. Even in school.

I was always getting picked on. In sex-ed they called me

“Sure!”

“No...um..! mean,

“Oh. No, not really.” u doing it now?”

“Then why are yO “{ told you, my hus

wircer and drank down the last of

being a victim.”

band Ringo likes it.” D her beer.

@xwumri. «ce

“Sure!

“No...um...1 mean, being a victim.” “Oh. No, not really.” “Then why are you doing “[ rold you, my husband Ringo likes it.” Daisy finished her burgerand drank down the last of her beer. A feminine burp surprised her and she smiled coyly. “What time is it?” “About six now.”

“Oh! I better get going! Ringo will be wondering where I’ve been.” she A rf fou ]

stood, breasts jiggling. The attendant mornings

looked up.

it now?”

this i is stupid, bi but, could I see you in?”

She smiled. “It’s about time you asked.”

Glenn and the attendant watched

Ringo L. Baker was daydreaming in his office. He was worried about his wife. She seemed to be restless lately. It had been only a month since he had last killed her. She couldn't want to play again so soon, he thought. Perhaps she was getting bored with the game. Daisy got bored quickly.

Maybe its you she’s bored with.

Ringo shook his head at the thought, but it persisted. You're getting old...and Daisy...she’s young and beautiful. She needs excitement. Wasn't that the reason you joined the Game Center in the first place? For the excitement?

Ringo looked around his office. He had everything one could want: money, status, respect... lovely wife. Then why was he so depressed?

He shook his head again, tried to pull himself out of the mood. Ringo L. Baker had not gotten where he was by feeling sorry for himself.

He tightened his jaw, his thick eyebrows converged. He had to admit it to himself. He thought Daisy was screwing around on him. That was the source of his anxiety. The question was: What could he do about it?

The crowd was thick, but Glenn spotted her large floppy hat easily. The plastic daisy clung desperately to it’s brim as she squirmed her way through the mass of people. It had been nearly a month since he and Daisy had begun seeing one another. Each time their meetings became more and

Her husband was getting suspicious. Jed around them as they met and emb u been?” she whimpered against his Pa 0

der. «pioht here; sweetheart.” he a an swered , kissing her lightly.

pe FY } a “naan -

nore secretive The crowd rol “Where have yo

“What is it?” The crowd squeezed out a fat woman and pressed her : rowed se cls that Glenn could fel er fh f the mob. The woman braced

indulate with the motion 0 i her legs and her frown against the tide

bib brew purse. | , Daisy began to cry. “I think Ringo , B ur f S suspects something.” “So2” lo Use “You don’t understand. He's cold and mean, Glenn. He'll come after you if Ly one he finds out.” “Calm down,” Glenn said. “Maybe 1Cil-= it would be better if he did find out. Maybe we should come right out in the open with this thing. We're not fooling anyone, you

and sailed away.

Daisy turned her head up, lips just touching Glenn's. “Maybe you're right. Maybe it would be best. I’ll...I'll tell him tonight.”

Glenn took her in his arms then, kissed her hard. “No matter what happens,” he said. “I'll always love you.”

Their kiss ended with a pop. Daisy smiled. “Let's go get@ burger..”

The first thing Ringo Baker found upon entering his home was a note Daisy left on the kitchen table. He read it care fully, set it down, then picked it up and read it again.

Dearest Ringo,

a I care for you so very very much and would ay) ere hurt you too badly. But I've met someone Dew # the ope? love and he thinks we should bring this out Wa Hatat So, if you want to talk about it, meet me at the eight tonight.

Glenn leaned back in his chair at the Blue Hat. He was a jixtle nervous. He had checked Ringo Baker's file at the center and had found a monster.

In the profile photo had been a man of forty-two, two hundred and five pounds of what seemed solid muscle with

the expression of an extremely intelligent

bull. a3 , Daisy was picking at her apple pic. Hi AR

Glenn watched for a few minutes as she

flicked off the top crust with her fork. a nda I

He did love her, he thought. She was just so full of life and joy. Everything for G / enn

her was an eventas if she were constantly

walking across an opening-night stage,

basking in some invisible spotlight. He come wanted to please her so badly he was

ready to face anything, even her beast of y Ol a husband.

He had been watching the entrance continually since they arrived, but even with his vigilance, he was surprised when Ringo entered. The big man wore a black leather jacket and a serious expression. He didn't hesitate in the least, but scanned the dining room and headed directly for them when he sported their table. He sat down, leaned over, and brushed his lips across Daisy's check. Daisy scooted uncomfortably away from hirn.

“We don’t want any trouble,” Glenn began.

“You already got it son.”

“Now, wait a minute. We just want to talk. Get this out on the table.”

Daisy's eyes were wide. She followed the conversation in-

tently.

“Look Mr. Baker. Daisy and] are in love and...”

“T'll just say this once, son. You better just get up and walk out that door.”

“I'm not afraid of you,” Glenn said, trying to sound as confident as possible, trying to keep the quaver out of his voice. “We've been seeing each other for a month now...”

“So that’s how it is?” Ringo spat at Daisy.

Daisy nodded quickly.

“One more chance,” Ringo said, leaning menacingly over the table. “There's the door.”

That was it. Glenn could tell there would be no conversa-

tion here. He took Daisy's hand and stood up- bt Aes f her seat

we'll just be going.” He nearly pulled Daisy out © and thranech the dining room towards the door. He eS ? a % fan

tion here. He took Daisy's hand and Su" t we'll just be going.” He nearly pulled Daisy out of her oA and through the dining room towards the door. He sigh

deeply as they left the building, thankful chat confrontation

was over.

Ringo watched them go. The woman was j he thought. He waited only a few moments then got uP followed.

Just as they reached the parking lot, Daisy dropped her purse, She stooped and began stuffing her things back in-

side. “Come on, Daisy,” Glenn said ner-

J $ CO l d vously, looking toward the exit of the restaurant. Frustrated, he bent to help

ust roo much,

Je 68 68055 Cowen” tt—“—te

H e ; / / He pulled Daisy to her feet. “All right girl. Thar's enough of ne Pee leaving before things get out © Res aft er Daisy broke away from him, ducked a behind Glenn. He could feel her hands «Bad tight around his arm. Ringo was pretty big, Glen thought, feeling the adrenaline rush into his system, preparing him for action.

“I love him!” Daisy shouted over his shoulder.

Glenn touched her hand reassuringly, then gave Ringo a * steeley eyed glare, one that forewarned his pending attack. That’s when Ringo punched him in the head. Glenn collapsed like a wet rag. He woke with Daisy patting his cheek and Ringo trying to pull her away.

Glenn shook his head clear and struggled to his feet. As he got his footing, Ringo punched him in the stomach knocking him back to his knees.

“You still love him?” Ringo shouted.

“Yes, yes,” Daisy answered. “Get up Glenn! Fight him!”

Glenn got up...then went back down from another blow to the head.

“You still love him?”

“Yes, yes!”

“Damn you, Daisy,” Ringo fumed, his voice was low and

cruel, “Please, Ringo, It's fun.” Glenn got to his knees and Ringo pulled him up the rest of the way.

“Do it,” Daisy said breathlessly.

Glenn struck out wildly, His fist caught Ringo in the face.

“Come on! Come on! Fight! Fight!” Daisy was jumping up and down and clapping her hands. Her hat fell off her head and thin wisps of her blonde hair stuck to her flushed lips as
