LISTENARITY

###. General considerations:

Carefully comb through every inch of the podcast data, compiling an exhaustive compendium of every data point, cross referencing carefully, to be sure dates, content, demographics, and especially and other details are correct, and fully correlated. Using your correlated data, consider each data point against the speculations about listenership and different hypotheses to weigh each question raised in the discussions to come up with a full speculative analytical “realistic”, “best case”, and “worst case”… about whether the evidence is consistent with the various hypotheses. Then step back and give me a brief meta-analysis, explaining where on the worst-realistic-best scale actually counts as most likely overall for our situation. That is, to the best of your knowledge are we right that our physics following is clear in the data. Further, using your full training data and knowledge of the individual researchers’ ages, country of residence, institution, and other demographics, to decide if our demographics, and the listening patterns of the relevant countries in the data are consistent with any particular narrative (eg likely researcher, grads, others’ listening behavior wrt episode content, time of year research interests, probable extent of interest, depth and duration of content consumption, and any other dynamics you can think of). Full insight, and if you’ve got alternative hypotheses, come up with them, propose and test. Full training data mode on. 


#####.

Carefully comb through every inch of the podcast data, compiling an exhaustive compendium of every data point, cross referencing carefully, to be sure dates, content, demographics, and especially and other details are correct, and fully correlated. Using your correlated data, consider each data point against the speculations about listenership and different hypotheses to weigh each question raised in the discussions to come up with a full speculative analytical “realistic”, “best case”, and “worst case”… about whether the evidence is consistent with the various hypotheses. Then step back and give me a brief meta-analysis, explaining where on the worst-realistic-best scale actually counts as most likely overall for our situation. That is, to the best of your knowledge are we right that our physics following is clear in the data. Further, using your full training data and knowledge of the individual researchers’ ages, country of residence, institution, and other demographics, to decide if our demographics, and the listening patterns of the relevant countries in the data are consistent with any particular narrative (eg likely researcher, grads, others’ listening behavior wrt episode content, time of year research interests, probable extent of interest, depth and duration of content consumption, and any other dynamics you can think of). Full insight, and if you’ve got alternative hypotheses, come up with them, propose and test. Full training data mode on. 

####.

