FYI, that 0.5 is a convention. As is our Dirac CP phase of 270 deg, as is the neutrino theta_ 4 angle of 90 deg and the photon theta_4 angle of 0 deg [90 and 0 as placeholders for 'maximum' and 'minimum' respectively]. And as for conventions: We will not be including any "lattice" or "Z3 fusion gate" unless we are forced to by the geometry. I think they're crutches and cludges. Similarly, I am skeptical of "braid smoothing, collective attenuation, the elastic modulus, the holonomy bridge," and anything else used to make wrong calculations right. These are possible properties one might expect in this universe. But we should look long and hard at the core math used to perform the calculations to be sure it is correct and accounts for everything before adding in some rubber band to nudge the numbers where we want them. If multiple other calculations all clearly conclude the same factor has been omitted, then we can try to identify if we can add something like braid smoothing, but only if it is uniquely forced by the parts of the theory we are most confident about, and only if we've mapped out the landscape of what other possibilities there are to account for any discrepancies (and of course, after we've checked our math very thoroughly). And even then, going forward, I'm going to have us sequester anything that might be used as a fudge factor, strictly prohibiting their use until each such factor has been thoroughly vetted, and found not only to satisfy the equations that required its existence in the first place, but also shows that it is equally effective for multiple problems in all use cases. These should be the most well-checked parts of the puzzle, if we use them at all. And then we must define very carefully when the must be used and when they may not be used, how they must be used, and how they may not be used, and then they will be manditory where they must be used, and completely restricted where they may not be used. Lastly, I'm going to put the kabosh on the catchphrases we use. All this "fail-ridgid" and "geometric corner" and "projective resistance" and "topological filter" business is just place-holders we do in lieu of reasoning tell ourselves a story that provides assurances it is satisfying its own ends. If we claim "We have successfully done x y or z"... it's probably because we're trying to convince ourselves we have, and we only have to convince ourselves if it's not true. It also tends to shoehorn everything into the same theoretical boxes over and over unthinkingly, instead of paying the specific attention to the particular details of what actually matters for the task and content at hand. If you pick up and repeat catchphrases from the sources, it'll make me suspicious that you're just swallowing the narrative the sources are telling without thinking for yourself. Be doubtful, don't take anything at face value. If you haven't done the math yourself, one step at a time, and understood each step, why it works and what its limits are... then you cannot know for example, whether "heat is the 'geometric noise' of a lattice that isn't perfectly phase-aligned". So, what you're saing is... heat is noise because energy transfer is lossy. Dressing up standard physics in SAT language makes it sound like standard physics is an SAT win--it may be an SAT success to have translated some part of standard physics, but that isn't a win, it's a starting point, and making everything "sound SAT-ish" obscures what genuinely is novel in SAT. We want standard science here, because we are standard scientists (even if we're a bit eccentric), and we're building SAT because it is good use of the scientific method and the findings we're making and the intellectual and logical footing SAT is on appear to be highly suggestive that we're looking at aspects of the universe that are probably real, at least in part.

