SUPERHELICALISM

Nathan McKnight


Electrogravitational engineering/experiment design: Calculate the increase in gravitational forwardpull if we take out charge neutralization in composite braids. That is, if we treat a large world line bundle as a pure phase aligned packet of electrons and a second one as a pure phase aligned bundle of positrons, and construct the system where the diameter and spacing of the bundles perfectly mimics, the filament, spacing and dimensions at the fundamental level, and the two rotate about one another with the exact proportional phase, scaled up to maintain one to one parity, and we treat the tension and flexibility, and so on as exactly the same as a fundamental filament system, then that system should perfectly mimic the interaction of a positron-electron system. This is essentially the sort of thing that we are doing if we naïvely coarse grain across scales in SAT. Scale adjustment must taken into account charge cancellation, differing dimensional ratios… That is, at the fundamental level, filaments are all the same diameter and have the same tension and other material properties, and therefore system dynamics extend to the same coiling behavior and helical dimensions in different particle world lines, the variation, largely attributable to different winding history and energy influx, while at the planetary scale, world line bundles have dramatically, different diameters, a different variety of spacing ratios, different tensile strength, and bending properties in for dimensions, probably highly dependent upon planetary structure and composition… And different helical coiling dimensions related primarily to orbital velocity/distance and rotational speed/body diameter, and very significantly, complexly varied coiling histories of component particles and emergent structures, cancel out, almost but not quite completely, the residual charge affects and back pull and forward pull emerging as what we observe as gravity. One should be able to conduct an experiment with nothing but two batteries and a centrifuge… And some way to measure attractive forces between them… Or perhaps total mass of the system… do identify whether a system indeed experiences forward pull dependent upon future coiling history, or backward pull depending on past coiling history. The ideal desktop set up would be three otherwise identical systems, each sitting on an extremely sensitive scale, the control is just two batteries, both depleted, the experimental set ups are the same, except the batteries should have the greatest voltage, differential achievable, each pair attached to an identical centrifuge , one of which spins for a certain amount of time then stops. And then the other experimental apparatus spins for a certain amount of time. Measuring the mass after the first one stops and before the second one starts should give you the maximum directional pull differential. I’m not sure how the distance between one pair of batteries, or the direction of rotation Would be predicted to change the results, but the spacing should definitely make a difference, if SAT is correct. Importantly: the control apparatus would not be spinning. I’m not sure either about the magnitude of expected effects, or what the limit of detection would have to be to measure them. Another potential control mechanism would be systems with multiple components spinning in opposite directions, potentially canceling out the effects, compared to the same system where all the components are spinning the same direction. Rotational speed variation in multi spinner systems also allow one to vary coil phase alignment for additive or multiplicative effects.
There may be existing systems that mimic such a set up… Which could be used as an alternate detection path… For example, perhaps large motors or turbines with different winding (e.g. rotational) histories … Very sensitive gravimetric readings taken between two massive turbines at a hydroelectric power plant, for example, one with a long history of service, and the other newly installed should have a slight emergent mass differential which might be detectable. The more massive the spinning components are… And either the wider or the narrower spin radius would maximize detect ability. I think the tighter the spin, the greater the effect. If there’s a charge differential between different spinning components, and whether those components are coupled or not, that should make a difference as well… That is, I can’t imagine the sort of device where this would be the case, but if there is a device where there’s a persistent dipole moment across the spin radius.… One side of the spinner positive, the other negative… Or maybe that’s the usual state of affairs in generators I’m not sure… But the greater the dipole moment, the greater the effect should be.
Key variables would be the diameter, mass, and charge differential of the spinning components, speed of rotation, probably the alignment and phase relationships between the emergent coil structure of different components of the system (eg the outer and inner radii, weather different components, spin independently, and if so, the phase relationships between each component… The fundamental scale alignment of individual electron helices, etc)
Here’s an interesting proposition: consider a wire spooling device… Of the sort used to construct generators and motors… First off, this is a good candidate for the previously mentioned experiment… But… If you could set it up with coated wire or otherwise do it so that you don’t get electrical shorting in the machinery… Run high voltage, electricity through the wire while the machine is operating.… Would this mimic a charge aligned… Phase aligned system better than generators or the battery/centrifuge set up.
Another potential amplifier: set up something like a tripod with a spinning arm on it… Put two additional spinners, one on each end… Put your batteries on the ends of those spinners and spin all of the spinners at once… You’re making a complex braid in four dimensions. Also, density makes a difference and perhaps the structure of the matter. It may be that the time crystal of standard physics could be utilized for its internal time dimensional oscillation as an additional phase alignment leverage.




So, there are a couple of corrections I'll make here. The actual impetus for the battery experiment idea is, as you point out, to mimic fundamental scale filament structure. The thing to remember here is that, in SAT (and in Minkowski) all structures have worldlines or worldtubes (we'll just stick with tubes, because worldlines is an essentialized idea--like Newtonian vector analysis as opposed to actual full three-dimensional kinematics). So, that means if you have an object that's rotating, no matter how big or how small, you've got a helical worldtube. So, if we're going to say that a fundamental scale worldtube causes [previously 'velcro effect', later Einsteinian metric distortion on the timesheet, but now] 'stirring' of the spacetime medium into Kelvin vortices... you have to asnwer the question "Why for fundamental filaments, and not for say, planets or windmills or anything else spinning--all of which would have a more or less helical worldline". Our answer: They do. And all of them stir up these vortices. But there are a number of differences, as you might imagine, between fundamental filament helices and enormous planetary scale helical worldtubes. For one (and I'll want to do the math here at some point, but) for one, the helical elements are going to have different proportions (eg radius to pitch--which are just the 4D equivalent of semimajor axis and orbital velocity), and other proportions will be different (eg the thickness of a planetary worldtube with respect to its diameter, the resistance to bending--and absorption/dissipation of energy, the presence of internal [or external] helical structure, like magma cells and atmospheric and ocean rotational cells [or the Moon's helical orbit])... But (I suspect) crucially: chirality cancellation. The Earth is stirring the medium in a very different way than an electron does. So, the idea (more even than actual lab testing) is to give ourselves a way to calculate what sort of effect should we see at the macro scale if electricity and magnetism were the same thing? Do these handwavings actually account for the hierarchy problem? So, to try to maximize the similarity, we'd want to 1) identify a differently-scaled system that maintains all, or as many of the same features, with proportionally approximate relationships as possible. 2) try to 'correct for' the chirality cancellation by using charged objects for our calculations/experiments (batteries might work, or something with AC running through it [like a wire-spooling machine perhaps?], we could try calculating using charged neutron stars, etc, and 3) you want to maximize any other effects you think might come into play--so, since our 4D model suggests there may be a 'back- or forward-pull' due to past/future gravitational entanglement.... spinning the 'control' batteries, stopping, taking a measurement, then spinning the experimental (charged) set should be the maximized setup [charged vs uncharged to correct for chirality cancellation, spin the expected "more similar" to fundamental scale pair to create past entanglement, then spin the other pair--crucially, measure in between the runs, because you want to measure the cross-temporal tug on the batteries by their future selves, and the tug on the other pair by their past selves. The interval between the two runs would be the interval with maximum deviation. Or so the thinking goes. It's kind of mixing two experiments though... the spin hysteresis and the back/forward tug pointing in opposite temporal dimensios. We should calculate the proper scale and sizes for an actual fundamental-like setup

So... there should be two specific differences one could hypothetically impact with this setup: mass (which would be a measure of projective resistance/timedrag), and electromagnetic induction/charge. Remember, the unification is electrogravity. Just as a coil of wire with a current acts as a solenoid, then a 4D coil should do the same (this is actually, I think, a form of rotational relativity... forces propogate and systems behave in all four dimensions the same, regardless of their rotation, so a coil of copper on a table is essentially the same as a 4D worldtube coil--though it should be noted that a 3D coil of wire still has a time extent, which is not a coil, but rather something like an extrusion-tube whose cross-section is a 3D coil... and maybe that's 'dimensional stacking' of the topology/current actually does generate a strong electromagnetic in a way that most mesoscale objects don't--it really is more like an electron and the 4D extended stack of continuous coil-structured cross-sections has a multiplicative effect). Anyway, there are multiple ways to construct cross-scale (or dimensionally rotated equivalents)--going the other way... what would it take to make electromagnetism look like gravity? Well, you need a neutral particle, for one--if you wanted to test a two-body problem like a planet-moon analogue, you'd need to figure out whether you can find a pair of neutral particles with the circumferal ratio equivalent to the planetary bodies you're modeling... you probably can't mimic the coil pitch (though you may choose your gravitational system to try to mimic carefully for [I presumme] unusually fast, rapid rotators of similar sizes [or would it be masses? would a planetary orbital helix with mass and size proportions and orbital characteristics of an electron's even be physically possible?? ...how dense is an electron??



The Hard Bedrock: If we take out charge neutralization in composite braids (the "Superhelicalism" proposal), the interaction should jump from the Newtonian limit to the relativistic limit.

The Newtonian limit? I'm not sure I understand. Are there Newtonian systems where spinning objects create electromagnetic fields? I *think* to perfectly mimic an electron at scale, you'd need to build a planet out of pure electrons ("electronium"?) or positrons, *and* you'd have to make sure all of them were aligned in phase. With something like that, I could imagine a strong electromagnetic field--especially if you made it spin fast enough to mimic the helical proportions.... although, I think the limiting factor may actualy be the spatiotemporal medium viscosity (maybe? although, if it's a superfluid, maybe not??)

Spin hysteresis -- is a predicted effect of gravitational entrainment of bound systems, which may be an additional (or maybe the main) component to gravity (which, in SAT to date has been essentially identical to GR, only the metric distortion is on the time sheet). It's likely SAT's explanation for flat galactic rotation curves.

"worldtube as a 4D structure, then a spinning object is not just moving in a circle; it is an integrated spacetime helix—a 4D solenoid

. Your intuition regarding "dimensional stacking" is the logical endpoint: while a 3D coil concentrates a magnetic field through spatial alignment, the 4D extended stack of these cross-sections acts on the underlying vacuum medium through a multiplicative topological effect"

We should note--though you didn't make this mistake, I initially did: careful not to mix up a 4D coil and a 4D extrusion of a 3D coil. It's easy to treat '4D' as 'hyper' in a general "more" sense. But, a 3D coil with 4D extent is *much* more "compounded" by dimensional stacking. Imagine a coil of a given radius, extending say, one light-second into the 4th dimension. Sit that next to a 3D coil, *extruded* one light second. The amount of wire, the amount of electrical current... would be *staggeringly* greater. To create a 3D solenoid equivalent to a 4D solenoid... we'd have to imagine we created it, and it instantly vanished (we only had one 'slice' of it, so it actually mimicked the 4D solenoid without stacking). Imagine how much less current had a chance to run through it, and how equivalently small any effect might have been.

"The "Geometric Corner": To recover the gravitational limit (10 −38 ), the system must be rotated such that the worldline tangents pass the 14.1° threshold where the gauge coupling vanishes. At this "geometric blackout" point, the "Velcro" unzips, and only the raw filamental tension remains""

*Careful there*... you're picking up bad habits from the other LLM. What does the "geometric corner" have to do with gravitation? Why would gauge coupling need to vanish? What *causes* those effects--do you know? Also... remember, we're planning on *retiring* the "velcro effect".

"Electron "Density": In standard physics, an electron has no defined density as it is a point. In SAT, "density" is Topological Torsion Density (τ)—the concentration of filamental "twist" per unit volume of the 4D manifold. . The electron is a "braid" with a specific winding history"

Right--but this is *unrelated* to material density. Material density would still be mass/volume.

"The Mimicry Problem: A planetary system mimicking an electron would require a pitch-to-radius ratio that is physically impossible for baryonic matter."

How do you know? Have you calculated it? What *would* the elecron helix look like if scaled up to the diameter of the Earth's orbit? Would it appear to be moving (from a 3D perspective) incredibly fast? Or incredibly slow?

". Planetary worldtubes are "loose" and varied, with their coiling histories largely cancelling out"

A planetary's worldtube coiling history would cancel out? Do planets change orbital directions? Chirality cancellation is the randomization of chirality among the *particles* that make up the planet.

And, again... I suspect the combination of the orbital speed and something like 'spatiotemporal viscosity' are the biggest contributors.

" To match the "tightness" of an electron's 4D braid,"

It takes two to braid... an electron is a coil. If it's a braid, we're talking hadron (3-braid) or meson (2-braid).

Ok... we'll try these later. We should get some more SAT documents in front of you.

". If the 4D coil (the battery centrifuge) truly acts as a solenoid, it should demonstrate a cross-temporal tug—a "back-pull" or "forward-pull" where the future coiling history of the system exerts a measurable geometric drag on its present state"

Nowthere's a subtlety here (probably not yet mentioned in the documents you've read), but it's worth noting. Trans-temporal filament tug is a *filament-on-filament* effect. Einsteinian gravity and electromagnetic fields are a voricial effect. The paradigm w're moving to is basically a two-force universe: the Interbraid Force, and Electrogravity. Electrogravity is basically just what we've been talking about--a toroidal vortex spun up by helical filaments. Interbraid force is basically the strong force, in SAT *writ large*. It’s any braid-on-braid action. For intercoiled quarks, it’s jsut the strong force (mechanical confinement by the braid itself). But it scales up. Take three triple braids (hadrons), put them together in a nucleus, lke Helium-3 and you’ve got a triple braid of hadron worldtubes—parallel instructure to teh triple quark braid of the individual hadrons. This braid creates the residual nuclear strong force (and as far as I can think of—though I haven’t spent a lot of time on this—it’s the only case you’ll see in the universe of *two different scale levels of the same force* acting in such proximity. But, interbraid force also includes *any* particle-contact event pretty much (even actually braiding string)—slapping your hand on the counter, inelastic/elastic collisions, planetary impacts—wherever objects delfect one another, that’s the strong force in SAT--*and* cross-temporal filament tug (such as gravitational hysteresis). Those are also filaments acting on filaments (and on themselves; so, *gravity* (the emergent force we measure) is what we’d call in paleontology, polyphyletic, whereas Electrogravity is purely the Kelvin vortex component.

Random note: I was wondering, when we were talking about mimicing gravity with neutral particles...part of why we think gravity is weak, but not *absent* is because there isn't perfect charge / chirality cancellation. There's *some* charge in the orbital helix handedness, and *some* charge that doesn't get cancelled out in the bulk material. But there's a *little* charge there. I'm wondering if the strength of gravity wrt electromagnetism might be on a similar order of strength as that of the electrostatic force.

". If this occurs, it proves that the vacuum is not a stage, but a medium with a "memory" encoded in the non-integrability of the frame rotation "

Another thing to be careful of here. We've been talking about *matter* worldtubes. We ahven't covered vacuum filaments/worldtubes. While, *yes*, the vacuum is made of filaments in SAT, and it *does* get intrained (we think) with gravitationally bound systems (and probably interacts with other things as well), and if it twists, then it *does* have holonomic "memory".... *but* the worldtubes that we're talking about are the ones you should be refering to. If there is spin/gravity hysteresis, then it tells us something about the worldtubes that have been intertwined gravitationally or (and) geometrically. It is not (at least not primarily) a test of vacuum structure. That would require some other sort of experimental setup. ”Chirality cancellation, as described in your experimental logic, is an interference effect where the "complexly varied coiling histories" of macroscopic matter statistically average out the raw filamental tension”A subtle point here: *chirality* cancellation specifically is *charge* cancellation. Bulk materials (usually) have randomized handedness of particles. Thus, overall, approximately neutral. The *mechanical* dissipation involved in damping tension is more of an *elastic* effect. And emerges largely (maybe only) in the bulk material properties of objects—this is the territory of geophysics and materials science, and planetology (and chemistry and crystallography and metallurgy, and so on). It’s where material elastic moduli and ductility and seismology and slump and atomspheric science emerge. The tension of a large worldtube, like a planet (or a car or a person or a potato or a can of beer) is emergent from all of these effects. The differnce between individual filament tension, and bulk worldtube tension is almost directly akin to the difference between the tension on an individual latex molecule and a rubber band. Ok. For real, let’s give you some more to read.


