SUPERHELICALISM


Electrogravitational engineering/experiment design: Calculate the increase in gravitational forwardpull if we take out charge neutralization in composite braids. That is, if we treat a large world line bundle as a pure phase aligned packet of electrons and a second one as a pure phase aligned bundle of positrons, and construct the system where the diameter and spacing of the bundles perfectly mimics, the filament, spacing and dimensions at the fundamental level, and the two rotate about one another with the exact proportional phase, scaled up to maintain one to one parity, and we treat the tension and flexibility, and so on as exactly the same as a fundamental filament system, then that system should perfectly mimic the interaction of a positron-electron system. This is essentially the sort of thing that we are doing if we naïvely coarse grain across scales in SAT. Scale adjustment must taken into account charge cancellation, differing dimensional ratios… That is, at the fundamental level, filaments are all the same diameter and have the same tension and other material properties, and therefore system dynamics extend to the same coiling behavior and helical dimensions in different particle world lines, the variation, largely attributable to different winding history and energy influx, while at the planetary scale, world line bundles have dramatically, different diameters, a different variety of spacing ratios, different tensile strength, and bending properties in for dimensions, probably highly dependent upon planetary structure and composition… And different helical coiling dimensions related primarily to orbital velocity/distance and rotational speed/body diameter, and very significantly, complexly varied coiling histories of component particles and emergent structures, cancel out, almost but not quite completely, the residual charge affects and back pull and forward pull emerging as what we observe as gravity. One should be able to conduct an experiment with nothing but two batteries and a centrifuge… And some way to measure attractive forces between them… Or perhaps total mass of the system… do identify whether a system indeed experiences forward pull dependent upon future coiling history, or backward pull depending on past coiling history. The ideal desktop set up would be three otherwise identical systems, each sitting on an extremely sensitive scale, the control is just two batteries, both depleted, the experimental set ups are the same, except the batteries should have the greatest voltage, differential achievable, each pair attached to an identical centrifuge , one of which spins for a certain amount of time then stops. And then the other experimental apparatus spins for a certain amount of time. Measuring the mass after the first one stops and before the second one starts should give you the maximum directional pull differential. I’m not sure how the distance between one pair of batteries, or the direction of rotation Would be predicted to change the results, but the spacing should definitely make a difference, if SAT is correct. Importantly: the control apparatus would not be spinning. I’m not sure either about the magnitude of expected effects, or what the limit of detection would have to be to measure them. Another potential control mechanism would be systems with multiple components spinning in opposite directions, potentially canceling out the effects, compared to the same system where all the components are spinning the same direction. Rotational speed variation in multi spinner systems also allow one to vary coil phase alignment for additive or multiplicative effects. 

There may be existing systems that mimic such a set up… Which could be used as an alternate detection path… For example, perhaps large motors or turbines with different winding (e.g. rotational) histories … Very sensitive gravimetric readings taken between two massive turbines at a hydroelectric power plant, for example, one with a long history of service, and the other newly installed should have a slight emergent mass differential which might be detectable. The more massive the spinning components are… And either the wider or the narrower spin radius would maximize detect ability. I think the tighter the spin, the greater the effect. If there’s a charge differential between different spinning components, and whether those components are coupled or not, that should make a difference as well… That is, I can’t imagine the sort of device where this would be the case, but if there is a device where there’s a persistent dipole moment across the spin radius.… One side of the spinner positive, the other negative… Or maybe that’s the usual state of affairs in generators I’m not sure… But the greater the dipole moment, the greater the effect should be.
Key variables would be the diameter, mass, and charge differential of the spinning components, speed of rotation, probably the alignment and phase relationships between the emergent coil structure of different components of the system (eg the outer and inner radii, weather different components, spin independently, and if so, the phase relationships between each component… The fundamental scale alignment of individual electron helices, etc) 

Here’s an interesting proposition: consider a wire spooling device… Of the sort used to construct generators and motors… First off, this is a good candidate for the previously mentioned experiment… But… If you could set it up with coated wire or otherwise do it so that you don’t get electrical shorting in the machinery… Run high voltage, electricity through the wire while the machine is operating.… Would this mimic a charge aligned… Phase aligned system better than generators or the battery/centrifuge set up. 

Another potential amplifier: set up something like a tripod with a spinning arm on it… Put two additional spinners, one on each end… Put your batteries on the ends of those spinners and spin all of the spinners at once… You’re making a complex braid in four dimensions. Also, density makes a difference and perhaps the structure of the matter. It may be that the time crystal of standard physics could be utilized for its internal time dimensional oscillation as an additional phase alignment leverage.