BLACK HOLES, THE BIG BANG, AND OTHER NOTES

It’s the gravitational back pull that causes the accelerating spinning of galaxies. And yes, accelerating. As a function of the Hubble constant roughly. If older galaxies don’t on average spin at least a little faster, then this is wrong. But, what you should see is the gradual acceleration and gravitational collapse of galaxies… Even as space-time expands, the tension pulls existing bundles tighter and tighter. Eventually, all galaxies collapse, into black holes. But the singularity is not infinite. It is a function of that ten to the power of 44 Jules per filament tension on each fundamental particle world line. And the flexibility of the timesheet. Eventually the back pull balance is the flexibility, some enormous, composite tension, and bends the sheet into essentially a straight gravity well, kind of a worm hole back to the Big Bang. Which … hate to say, because I think it means I have to say that Hawking was wrong. There is no hawking radiation because there are no virtual particles. What we call virtual particles are actually intermittent timesheet excitations. They form and they go away as a result of filament interactions with the timesheet, but eventually they dissipate. That’s what a boson is. If you wanna say bosons are virtual particles, in this sense, that’s correct. However, they are not particles in the form of possessing any persistent continuity the way filaments do. There is no mechanism to turn those oscillations in filament.

Except…: 
The end state of black hole collapse is a straight worldline, when the timesheet surface is stretched to its max. Eg: vacuum. But there’s a twist. Finally SAT earns the nickname Scalar-Angular *Twist* theory in a less trivial way. The twist is double black hole systems, and triple black hole systems. Quadruple and quintuple and bigger black hole systems exist, no doubt. But space time has a finite bending energy, and black holes *don’t* merge. At least not completely. They collapse into their tightest configuration: Double-braided, and triple-braided worldlines. Eg mesons and hadrons. You could get, say, a quintuple system… but it wouldn’t collapse into a pentaquark unless it were a perfect Kemplerer rosette. Instead, it collapses either into two mesons and a vacuum filament or a quark and a meson. Natural pentaquarks don’t exist for the same reason Kemplerer rosettes don’t (thank Larry Niven for that): The precursor black hole systems almost necessitate large-scale gravitational engineering. If you find one… i suppose it would be the remains of some primordial Kardishev IV civilization or something. I suppose this would mean if it’s true, but the difference between a proton and a neutron is probably some kind of bimodal distribution of collapse states [don’t tell me that this already exists… If it does, then that’s another retrodiction I had no idea about until SAT told me it had to exist]. And I would suppose if that exists, it’s probably some function of total black hole mass and some kind of resin and energy related to attention of the timesheet and the black hole world lines. Or rather, filaments since we’re speaking, literally/ontologically now. So. Now we have an end state for black holes, a supplemental baryon formation mechanism, and a sort of rolling cosmology/eschatology, where massive objects are eventually collapsing into fundamental particles. and actually that bimodal distribution might be the difference between black holes and neutron stars. Because, if this works the way, I think it does, or the way I think it might, the neutron stars might not merge fully either. Another observational limit: if black holes and/or neutron stars are observed to merge, then they should appear to pop out of existence… Because essentially they just turned into a fundamental particle. It might be that they have to reach a certain mass for that to happen… So mergers may happen until that mass is reached. I’m not sure. But I think once the collapse happens, further merger is prevented by a sort of space-time sheath around the world line bundle… Which folds right back into our conception of relativity and electromagnetism: distortion of space time around filaments. Another observational limitation, which, if it’s not true, might be a problematic for the speculation: the rotational chirality distribution of galaxies (and celestial bodies) should roughly approximate… prograde:retrograde ≈ matter:antimatter 

If that’s true… That might be a smoking gun. I suspect we don’t actually know the percentage of antimatter in the universe. But if this is true, we should be able to calculate it. Then we would have to figure out how to make observations to see if we’re right. I don’t know how that would work .

the deeper question here is : why left-handed? That means there’s a rotation I think to the universe… May be the time dimension is rotating as it expands… Or maybe the expansion induces a rotation relative to the other dimensions or something like that. It’s in four dimensions so the induction would happen along the world line direction… I.e., outward From every point, somehow translating into a twist due to I suppose any slight matter distribution imbalance. But even more foundational… Once such a twist is induced… Does it persist… Or does it reverse eventually? If gravitational collapse produces filament the act almost like rubber bands, pulling backward in time, then they might twist up to a maximum and then jump to a new phase, possibly reversing the twist… Sort of like a Rubber band newton’s cradle or yo-yo. Imagine you took a koosb ball and taped all the strands to the walls so The Center is in the middle of your room, if that center were massive enough, you could spin it, and it will rotate until it reached a maximum as a function of the ensemble, elasticity, and then it would start to reverse direction. There might be something like that going on. in which case it just means we’re in a left-handed phase, and we don’t really have to explain all chirality. 

The other question is what about rotating black holes…  my understanding is that their event horizons (and let’s be clear: a 4-dimensional event horizon world tube …oh shit. Pauli’s exclusion principle is related to black hole event horizon dynamics … wow. So, the reason an object would be perceived to slow down in time in relativity is the same reason particles can’t usually occupy the same space. It’s asymptotic. Particles approach, but never get to the next particle because of time dilation because they’re essentially falling into one another’s event horizon—time stops for a fundamental particle when it reaches the exclusion limit… damn. That’s ….staggering if true). Ffs that’s crazy. But… it might just work 

And, with that I believe we’ve just swallowed up to more theories… Or at least conjectures: the black hole as proton (almost), and the black hole universe. And once again, SAT has figured out why everybody else is already right. We just haven’t put it together yet. Which is astonishing at first… How could everyone be right…??… But modern science is based on real observation. Real observations are right because Observation is the definition of rightness in this universe. And modern scientific gatekeeping ensures that only pretty reasonable deductions actually make it into something like the Canon. So the question was never… Which theories are right which theories are wrong… The question is how are they all right together?

Now I lost track there a little bit earlier, but the next step is this: rotating black holes, as I recall… Get some weird event horizon topology. I bet you in someway or another corresponds to world line coil chirality. Which is to say, there’s probably a direct relationship between the number of percentage rotating / non rotating black holes (should be a function of gravitational rotation and celestial body rotation more broadly), and the percentage of particles with and without spin (excluding our true bosons). 

Incidentally, I think I knew this, but I wasn’t quite sure before… I am sure now I think: fermions obey Pauli, bosons don’t. That means neutrinos can be in a state of superposition, quarks cannot—electrons cannot (if they’re tiny spinning  black holes) . There’s a prediction for you. Which means quarks and electrons probably are the same thing, or at least phase-variant transformations of each other (depends whether the coils have to adjust to screw together through the strong force). 

Other implications here… Black hole, merger events, and neutron star merger events, if they behave the way I’ve described… Should release gravity waves that are more or less identical to whatever “gluon” emission we might observe or expect upon quark binding… or another way to say it, it’s the opposite of whatever happens when we try to pull them apart…

It means we must be generating gluons when we try to pull quarks apart… essentially your snapping the rubber bands, causing a ripple in space that we would detect as a gluon… … Which means there should be no limit to how many you can generate from a single braid of quarks. And the equations for these interactions are basically the same as those for isomorphic gravitational interactions.

And if quarks and electrons are basically identical… there should be a way to bind electrons into mesons or hadrons… there’s a prediction I think. Unless this also already exists. In which case, another (increasingly less) creepy retrodiction. 

OK. I think that’s enough for now. I have to figure out if the Internet is off because of that digging I dig it out back. So I can actually upload all of this and be told I’m wrong… Or not.

###. 270°
Not directly related… Well, everything related… To change Pace here: that quarter turn 270° … I need to figure out why that makes sense. It’s only geometrically inspired, as far as I can see, if there is some kind of relationship too a quarter turn in three dimensions and a full turn in four dimensions. It’s probably something to do with the orientation of coils relative to the timesheet… In three and four dimensions. If we take a neeutrino as our clean, simple, ring particle… Then lying flat along the timesheet is 90°… If you rotate it, a quarter turn, now it’s exactly perpendicular to the timesheet, which would suggest that it in instantiates twice… Which seems either problematic or… A locking condition

###. Another Note:
c suppression and acceleration experiments are, in effect, measuring the thickness of the time wavefront. Nothing travels in 3D faster than the leading edge or slower than the trailing surface; that’s all the wiggle room c has. Which means the speed of time is not c; call it c’ which is still equal to c …nope, it’s the other way round. c *is* the speed of time. c’ is the range of speeds of light within that slice. And that means c is violable within the range of c’ *and* laterally along the time surface (the super liminal snap of a black hole dropping to vacuum is Deep Dive’s biggest contribution so far, and is an example of exactly that). Picture black hole dropout like this: A drop of food coloring on oil. Until surface tension breaks, it floats. But eventually, as you add more drops, it sinks, leaving a streamer under the surface. That’s black hole dropout. And the transition is especially quantized. But the information doesn’t disappear. It just drops out from 3D accessibility. It’s there, deep in the bulk of the 4D block. Or rather, the 4D radial filament marble. 

You’re not forcing a black hole through a femton scale hole, you’re leaving a femton scale trail. Maybe they don’t drop out, maybe they just are protons. Maybe QUASARS can show us the translation is crossed. 

The problem with physics is math. Math gives you all sorts of freedoms physics doesn’t.

ONCE MORE: Don’t use the ‘gear’ metaphor; it sucks and gives the wrong impression. You don’t compare surface tension transitions to gears. They’re mechanistic, they’re not machinery in that sense. The universe is structured, it’s not tooled.

Surfaces are event horizons. Matter is frozen time. Zeno was right.

The Z3 gate isn’t a perfect exclusion, it’s a topological orderliness boundary. And it’s related to event horizon size. Braiding happens because the surface of the braided filaments are event horizons. Any interaction outside of the horizon is fine, nothing crosses it though. 

The one-electron universe may come to a one-lepton universe. Where all electrons and quarks are a single complex worldline, and what does a quark-quark-quark tangle look like? A proton. What does an antiquark-antiquark-antiquark braid look like? A neutron? The charge difference is the difference between the chirality of the particle the chirality of the universe. So, maybe it’s vice-versa.

QFT is right within its limits—it’s not infinitely accurate. And all of it has to be within the SAT framework. We already derive α we need to derive Boltzmann, Partition Function, etc. There’s nothing in conflict between SAT and physics. Physics is basically correct SAT is only correct if it incorporates ir all.

Oh… the black hole ring down evens out the asymmetries. The mass fractions have to balance in a merger (or, maybe one can overwhelm another, but if they’re too close in mass, they can’t swallow, they must shed the difference and equalize—which means there’s a transition series in the mass ratios that tells you no merger <> entanglement <> swallow …that should be calculable). 

So maybe the collapse doesn’t happen, but there are giant mesons. That works with the internal scaling self-symmetry. Maybe… the transition from macro to micro happens with a mechanism reminiscent of our pulsar glitches. 

The “UV safety lock” isn’t a thing. It’s an LLM over-interpretion. It’s not a rule, it’s a state change boundary. Also: the domain wall transition is not a well defined test. We have do identify what that domain wall is… and it’s gotta be something basic. Like opacity or polarization. 

Also…  the 10^44 strength is the 

SAT isn’t brave. I’ve got no skin in the game. If I’m right, great. If im wrong, I’m unchanged. Standard physics can’t do that because the university system forces reputations to be on the line. Science isn’t flawed, the university system trying to turn science into capitalism forces scientists into timidity. They can’t explore until they have tenure. The minds that do science are perfectly capable of making innovative leaps. The fear is the stumbling block. It’s the university system that hobbles science. The university system is broken. Competition is the enemy of innovation. 

I was wrong, I think about the matter:antimatter ≈ prograde:retrograde equivalence… I think. It’s prograde:retrograde ≈ proton:neutron …neutrons are anti quark triplets, protons are quark triplets. Or vice versa. …but the actual ratio resolves to… up+up+down:down+down+up ≈ matter:antimatter ≈ up:down ≈ 1:1 ≈ electron:positron 

Also… I keep saying back pull. But half the time, forward pull is the right term. 

Galaxy spin must be modulated (quantized, perhaps) by some sort of hysteresis effect. There should be a pattern to the galactic rotation that resolves the dark matter question, but it can’t be linear. 

Also… attenuation is expected and geometrically justified. It’s just not clearly defined in a way that’s spelled out in my current active document set 

Also… re: “black holes look like protons” …maybe. Or maybe they look like positrons.  

Also… LLMs… don’t say “SAT is at war with standard physics”. That’s stupid. It has to incorporate physics, not overturn it. Don’t say “Nathan aggressively throws away Hawking radiation”. That’s a lie. I think it’s a problem, and I’m very carefully considering it. It should be reinterpretable. If Hawking radiation is real, it’s unspooling particles, or it’s a timesheet vibration. 

Tetras and pentas aren’t impossible, they just tend to resolve into doublets or triplets, with a leftover strand that resolves as an electron or an extra meson. 

Also… I didn’t know that black hole ring down evened out the mass difference. That only makes sense, to me, in SAT. I don’t know why standard physics would predict that. But if braiding symmetry requires equally sized strands, then it makes sense that the extra mass should get “squeezed out”. 

Essentially, SAT boils down to two objects: a rigid filament, and a flexible time surface. One provides the structural backbone, the other provides the malleable interface. 

The black hole conjecture suggests these may be the same thing… if the stretched sheet doesn’t snap, but becomes a filament, the flexibility becomes rigid when stretched completely taut. Tautness is the roughly 10^44 filament tension, attenuation is the flexibility of the sheet. The balance is a transition point. Or… does it snap and radiate the tension away as a super liminal wave transverse to the time sheet motion? The answer is usually: Both.  

So..  A black hole’s mass is a droplet falling back to the Big Bang. It either leaves a filament streamer or it doesn’t. If it snaps… does that produce a super liminal gravity wave? I don’t think so. If it snaps, does the mass of the black hole crash into the Big Bang? Is the Big Bang *ongoing*??? Deep in the 4D bulk, constantly exploding as black holes smash into the ultimate big bang singularity? Is *that* dark energy..!?? If there’s action in the block, that suggests a 5th dimension…no. No, it suggests a degree of freedom. Degrees of freedom should be relative to dimensionality. That is… our 4th dimension is moving relative to our first 3. But those three are expanding too. So maybe the time-space asymmetry is local. Perhaps deep in the block, its dimension 1 or 2 or 3 moving relative to the other three. Or perhaps, somewhere, some when all four move relative to one another. Maybe there’s some constraint between them, if one is expanding, it might put a freeze on the others, or have some sort of more complex relationship—and here we’re going deep down the speculative rabbit hole, so don’t quote me on this, but maybe…  at a certain point, dimension 4 will “open up” in such a way that D1-3 start unfolding or something. 

Also… re: LLM provocations… ;) … SAT *might* turn out to be my “life’s work”. 

But I also have an album. 
So there’s that. 

It’s called Hyperflirt. It’s fun. Also a couple of good stories. And Radical Meta-Skepticism. And I build working analog cameras out of Keebler tins. That’s cool. Any of those would be a happy legacy for me. Not that I need a legacy. There’s nothing wrong with just living a decent life. I’ve done that, and I’m actively doing that and hope to be for a long time to come. Fingers crossed. So, let’s drop the “life’s work” hype. SAT is a big idea. But it’s just one idea (well, now it’s a bundle ideas). 

Also… it’s almost always incorrect to say that SAT “completely rejects” anything. The only thing that SAT rejects on principle are things like: overcomplicating explanations when simpler explanations/calculations will do (eg why so many dimensions when curve can accommodate any level of complexity in 3-dimensions?), and adding extra assumptions when it’s more straightforward to assume only those that are necessary and/or consistent (eg, if time looks like a spatial dimension, why assume it has any properties different than the other spatial dimensions beyond the one we know it has: a difference in expansion velocity or similar translational behavior) 