Michael Levin
Welcome to the Levin lab at Tufts University

FAQ:

General Lab Overview
1. What does your lab work on?

	•	Manipulating bioelectric signaling between cells to understand and improve regeneration, embryogenesis, and cancer suppression
	•	Developing AI tools to help human scientists discover and exploit novel interfaces in biological systems for therapeutic applications
	•	Understanding how evolution pivots signaling and computational mechanisms to enable organisms' plasticity and problem-solving capacities in different spaces
	•	Developing conceptual frameworks for understanding unconventional cognition (memory, learning, and goal-directed competencies in cells, tissues, and organs) and learning to detect, study, and communicate with truly diverse intelligences (whether evolved, designed, or hybrid)
	•	Creating novel synthetic life forms to study generic laws that govern form, function, and behavior
	•	We have very fundamental theory projects, as well as projects focused on specific biomedical endpoints, all spanning the above interest areas.

< Back to top
2. What ties it all together?
The central question at the heart of our work in developmental physiology, AI, and cognitive science/philosophy is: how do embodied minds arise in the physical world, and what determines the capabilities and properties of those minds? We are interested in decision-making, memory, and optimal control in a wide range of evolved, designed, and synthetic hybrid systems. We use different model systems (from gene-regulatory networks to cell groups to collectives of behavior animals) to understand multi-scale scale dynamics that process information.
< Back to top
3. Why did this all change since the 2012 version of this page?
It didn't really. This is what I had in mind from day 1, but the website reflects the current work and what could be said at a given time, without going too far beyond our actual publications. It's a step-wise unrolling, with many surprises in the details but a stable core direction.
< Back to top
4. Which model systems do you use and why?

	•	We use Xenopus laevis embryos because they're ideal for physiological experiments and are amenable from the earliest stages of development.
	•	We use planaria because they possess incredible regenerative ability, are smart (can learn, allowing memory and brain regeneration experiments in the same animal), and are a unique system that shows us how much morphogenetic control can be dissociated from the genetically-specified hardware.
	•	We use synthetic proto-organisms (such as Xenobots) to probe the degree of plasticity and novelty in the cellular collective intelligence (despite a wild-type genome).
	•	We use human cells and tissues in vitro to get closer to biomedical applications in regeneration and cancer.
	•	We use the slime mold Physarumpolycephalum to understand learning and problem-solving in an unconventional, nerve-less organism whose behavior and morphological change occur in the same space.
	•	At times, we've also used zebrafish, chick, axolotl, bacteria, and other systems.

< Back to top
5. Why are all the projects so unusual and the emphasis different from most of the mainstream work in the field?
I am, fundamentally (and by training), a computer engineer with a deep interest in the philosophy of mind and I suppose that's why my perspective on these questions may be different.
< Back to top
6. Why all the emphasis on synthetic forms?
Barring exo-biology, all we have access to is the N=1 example of life on Earth - the evolved phylogenetic tree, full of frozen accidents of the meandering path of evolution on this planet. Making general conclusions from this dataset is like testing your theory on the same data that generated it. Normal development is very robust and reliable, which obscures the power of biology for novel problem-solving. We need to expose cells and tissues to new environments and novel configurations, to really probe their competencies. Synthetic and hybrid constructs give us the chance to explore the latent space of forms and behaviors, and better understand how life navigates those spaces with various degrees of creative problem-solving.
< Back to top
7. Is your motto "Shut up and engineer?"
Yes and no.   
Yes, in the sense that engineers are practical – they are thoughtfully and intentionally doing things based on knowledge and a feeling for how systems work, and most importantly, they are committed to finding out when and how their knowledge and intuition need improvements. That is critical; our lab mission is not to produce philosophy that is undecidable and will hang out among the long list of ideas that have been kicked around for centuries with no resolution in sight. I believe in progress and having ideas that interface with the world – ones that improve our ability to move forward, deepening our understanding of the world, and improving lives. Engineering in the broad sense is a critical method for deciding between competing worldviews and frameworks: the best ones are the ones that enable the most fruitful relationships with the world and its diverse levels of agency (from simple matter to other humans). We can decide between ways of thinking by how much new discoveries and novel capabilities they give rise to. Not just pre-diction (of existing systems) but "pre-invention" (how much do they facilitate novel discoveries about the outside world and ourselves). Not only in the restricted sense of scientific control, but in enriching meaning on a personal level and of society as a whole. Engineering also has a strong commitment to breaking old ways of doing things in favor of better ones, and not getting stuck in the frames of the past. This is what an engineering approach brings - a commitment to actionable, forward-looking, freedom-enhancing progress. 
No, in the sense that our focus is not on technology for its own sake, nor do I believe that the STEM approach captures everything that is important about life or even science. We study embryogenesis and synthetic cognition because they help us to understand what we are and how we can relate to others. I think the humanities, and the big questions of philosophy, are very important.  I think that doing objective third-person science should enhance, not replace, our ability to address the bigger questions of life and meaning, and most of all, relationships with other beings (human and others). The outcome of the frameworks we seek are not just measured in technological progress but in the richness of our embodied experience – this means engineering ourselves, and engineering the ways we recognize and interact with others. Engineering is not just making technology – it’s bringing an approach – one that is fundamentally about truth over inherent biases and limitations - to the task of recognizing and ethically relating to the beings around us. 
I view engineering in a broader sense of taking actions in physical, social, and other spaces and finding the richest ways to relate to everything from simple machines to persons. The cycle I like is: philosophize, engineer, and then turn that crank again and again as you modify both aspects to work together better and facilitate new discoveries and a more meaningful experience. Moreover, the "engineer" part isn't just 3rd person engineering of an external system. I'm also talking about 1st person engineering of yourself (change your perspectives/frames, augment, commit to enlarging your cognitive light cone of compassion and care, etc.) - the ultimate expression of freedom is to modify how you respond and act in the future by exerting deliberate, consistent effort to change yourself.
And lastly. Our work so far on the Spectrum of Persuadability has been specifically focused on the left side of the continuum, trying to convince people that intelligence should be looked for empirically, it cannot be assumed away by philosophical pre-commitments. Our work shows how this can be done in specific cases, especially in cells and tissues. But of course, on the right side of the spectrum, its strategies shift from pure control and prediction to a more bi-directional, rich relationship where you allow another system’s mind to change yours – from 3rd person traditional scientific approaches to the 1st person experience of complex human interactions. Our work tries to fill out the spectrum of what else exists between those two poles.
 
< Back to top
Bioelectricity
8. What's all this bioelectric stuff? What is bioelectricity and why not stick to well-known biochemical signals?
Bioelectricity refers to signals carried by the voltage gradients, ion flows, and electric fields that all cells receive and emit. It has been known for over 100 years that all cells, not just excitable nerve and muscle, exhibit steady-state long-term bioelectrical activity, and that this activity appears to be instructive for cell behavior during morphogenesis. While bioelectricity functions alongside biochemical and biomechanical events, it has a unique aspect. Much like in neuroscience, bioelectricity is the computational medium with which cellular collectives make decisions (about growth and form). Evolution discovered that electrical networks are a great way to compute, long before brains and muscle came on the scene. Bioelectricity is an ancient modality that serves as the proto-cognitive medium of the cellular collective intelligence that navigates morphospace (the space of possible anatomies). As such, it is a powerful interface that cells and tissues expose to us (and to each other) that enable reprogramming for biomedical purposes (and for understanding evolutionary change).
< Back to top
9. But where is the bioelectric code? We know where the DNA code is.

	1.	simplest/shortest: it's stored in very much the same way as information in the brain: in the electric states of cells (just like in neurons) and downstream modifications (long-term storage in cytoskeletal and transcriptional states).
	2.	better: "it's stored in the stable bioelectric states maintained by cell networks." Just like in the brain, groups of cells make electrical networks that can stably store information. This is routinely modeled in neuroscience and is the basis of much of our technology; like memory circuits in volatile RAM, it's easy to store encodings in electrical states of a medium that holds patterns over long time. All tissues - not just brains - do that. So, the excitable medium which can store information is the voltage state of groups of cells (another more familiar medium is DNA in groups of cells, and there are others such as cytoskeleton structures, etc.). The notion that "body pattern is stored in the DNA" is not that simple, depending on what you're asking. What is stored in the DNA is protein sequences, which is single cell-level hardware information. Bioelectric patterns emerge from the complex dynamical interactions of ion channels and gap junctions opening and closing, and it's that physiological software that stores and processes patterning information.
	3.	deeper still: There needs to be agreement on what "storing a code" really means. It's not simple, and there's a lot of work on this. Things are only codes with respect to what is readingor interpreting the code. So what we really need to do is talk about how bioelectric properties are interpreted by the tissues. There are 3 basic modes we've found: a) 1:1 prepatterns (like the electric face or your brain pattern), b) non-1:1 prepatterns encoding specific organs, like planarian head-tail info (which can be mapped onto heads or tails but it is not visually obvious like for electric face) or eye spots, or c) binary triggers that say "build whatever goes here" like the tail/leg signals (which carry almost none of the detailed info of how to build it). This is the state of the art now - interpretation - which we still poorly understand but are working on. And lest we get too comfortable with how well the "DNA code" has been decoded, let's remember that we have no ability to predict anatomy from genome (other than by cheating - comparison with known genomes) and we can't tell in advance if a frogolotl (mixed embryo of frog and axolotl cells) will have legs, by having frog and axolotl genomes.

< Back to top
10. What is bioelectricity in the great scheme of things?
Bioelectric dynamics in the body are, like in the brain, the computational medium of the collective intelligence of cell groups. Evolution discovered ion channels and gap junctions as ways to implement powerful laws of physics and computation for memory, scaling of goals, and integration of information. It uses the bioelectric layer to achieve evolvability and robust plasticity from the indirect encodings of form and function via genetic specification of hardware. Ion channels on the cell surfaces are the interface - the programming interface, if you will, to this physiological software.
Developmental bioelectricity shows us that deep neuroscience isn't just about neurons any more than computer science is about current laptops. And indeed, it's not even clear what neurons really are: powerful bench techniques of neuroscience do not distinguish neurons from non-neural cells. The distinction is a partition that we have invented, and it's useful in some cases (like studying neuroanatomy), but obscures important biology in many cases. Neuroscience provides us with frameworks for seeing how individual competent cells scale up to emergent, large Selves. This is a far more general phenomenon than just neurons make a brain. Isn't it interesting that Alan Turing was interested in both: intelligence and morphogenesis? It's no accident, because morphogenesis is an excellent example of an unconventional intelligence (which uses the same medium - bioelectricity - as evolution chose for our brains).
< Back to top
11. You talk about interfacing to cells and tissues at a higher level (communication, not micromanagement) but the techniques you use target ion channels and such. Isn't this still bottom-up control?
Of course, there is always a physical story to tell about a process if you want to zoom in to the lowest level of description - it's never going to be magic, it's always physics underneath. But for example, when someone is programming a computer, or explaining reasoning to another person, it is possible for an observer to focus on the mechanics of the keyboard buttons being pressed, or the specific air waves and molecules being generated, respectively. But in both cases that observer would be missing everything that is important about the interaction, and more specifically, that frame of analysis would not facilitate either programming or effective communication. The molecular details simply don't capture the understanding and control that is inherent in the interaction between systems that have higher agency than molecules. So, when we target ion channels, we only know which ion channels to target because we understand what the other cells are tracking - not the identity of the channel protein, but the voltage pattern (and we've shown that in fact you can get the same effect by using many different channels and types of ions, as long as you get the voltage right - it's a coarse-grained master variable and the molecular details can differ considerably). While you can track the intervention as having a simple reductionist physical chain of events after we've shown an example of voltage control, the ability to infer novel interventions (i.e., discovery) requires that you understand the higher-level dynamic that's going on which cannot be captured by a story about the chemistry of that specific channel and ion. The most potent control here is gained (just like in many aspects of neuroscience and behavioral sciences) at a higher level that abstracts from the details of the many different ways there are to send a given message.
< Back to top
Cognition and Philosophy
12. For the planaria that keep their memories after they regenerate their heads, where is the memory stored?
We don't know yet. But even more critical than the question of where it is stored, is the question of how it is imprinted onto a nascent regenerating brain and then interpreted. This gets to a core philosophical issue about personal identity that is relevant to all of us. We don't have real access to the past - at every moment, we have to actively reconstruct a model of the past from the evidence that the past has left in our brain and body - engrams for us to interpret as memories and maintain a coherent life story. So even without our head being actively cut off and regenerating, time itself is making sure that we are all like planaria, and also a bit like anterograde amnesia patients, who have to leave themselves notes every day about what's going on (it's just that for most humans, that scratchpad happens to be inside our skulls). We have to constantly interpret and reconstruct our memory engrams just like the planaria.
< Back to top
13. What are some of these unusual terms you use?
I've introduced a few, to transmit important new concepts in this developing field.
	•	Agential material - the subject of engineering (by evolution or by human engineers or by cells or whatever) which is not passive (can only be expected to hold its structural properties) and not even just active or computational, but has a significant degree of autonomy - an agenda, perhaps homeostatic capacity or higher, which it will execute independently, and which serves as the target of behavior-shaping interventions (not micromanagement) in optimal control.
	•	Anatomical compiler - a future system representing the long-term endgame of the science of morphogenesis, that reminds us how far away from true understanding we are. Someday, we will be able to sit in front of this combination of software and robot scientist platform, specify the shape of an animal, plant, organ, or biobot that we want, and it will convert that shape specification into a set of stimuli that will be given to cells to get them to build exactly that shape (no matter how novel - total control over growth and form). Critically, the anatomical compiler is not a 3D printer; instead of micromanaging the structure of the target construct, it exploits the agential medium of cells with competencies. It is in effect a communications device, for translating goals between the user's brain and that of the collective intelligence of other cells (transferring our preferred anatomical outcome into navigation policies by which the cellular collective will traverse anatomical space).
	•	Axis of persuadability - a spectrum containing different kinds of systems (from mechanical clocks to humans and beyond) that organizes them with respect to what kind of interventions (rewiring, setpoint editing, training, logical arguments, etc.) are optimal for prediction and control of that system. The question is, what kind of approach is needed to persuade the system to do what you want it to do. It's an engineering take on the question of agency. See Technological Approach to Mind Everywhere (TAME): an experimentally-grounded framework for understanding diverse bodies and minds.
	•	Bioprompting - the ways in which biological systems signal each other in ways that hack, manipulate, or otherwise exploit the competencies of the receiver to induce complex outcomes with simple signals. For example, the signals that a wasp embryo uses to get plant leaf cells to build a complex gall that is very different from the native morphology of the leaf is an example of bioprompting. I think that just as AI prompt engineers craft inputs to exploit the intelligence of things like large language models, bioengineers will be crafting prompts (not micromanaging the molecular details) to get cells and tissues to reach complex system-level outcomes.
	•	Cognitive light cone - the outer boundary, in space and time, of the largest goal a given system can work towards. This is my attempt to pinpoint what all agents have in common, no matter their make-up or origin: animals, aliens, AI, swarms, etc. can all be placed on a chart showing the scale of the goals they are capable of pursuing. See The Computational Boundary of a 'Self': Developmental Bioelectricity Drives Multicellularity and Scale-Free Cognition.
	•	Competency (of cells and tissues, or other unconventional agents) - a degree of ability of a system (such as a group of cells) to solve a problem in anatomical, physiological, metabolic, or transcriptional space (see reviews here or here). Competency refers to the efficacy with which a system navigates that space despite interventions and novel perturbations. It is not the same definition of “competency” as used in developmental biology, but there is overlap. For example, when using molecular-genetic prompts such as the “master” eye gene Pax6, the frog embryo looks to only be competent to form eyes in the anterior neurectoderm. But if one uses bioelectric prompts, we find out that in fact almost any tissue in the embryo can make an eye (even gut or tail). Thus, the degree of competency (in the traditional narrow developmental sense, or in my expanded basal-intelligence sense) that is revealed is a function of how one poses the problem and makes observations. In other words, it is easy to under-estimate the competency of a system if we, as observers, are limited in what prompts and behaviors we know how to recognize and deploy. This observer-dependence is critical: competency does not have some unique, objective, correct value, but rather reflects the agency that some observer has been able to detect - it's a model that an observer (or indeed, the system itself) has about that system's ability to solve problems in some specific space.
	•	Information - the kind of information I'm interested in is meaningful, interpreted information: salience that is squeezed and generalized (and then remembered, and continuously transformed) from signals by a receiver/observer and integrated into their future actions.
	•	Ionoceutical - a biomedical intervention that specifically targets the bioelectric interface exposed by cells - ion channels, gap junctions, and similar machinery that control how cells and tissues process information and regulate each others' behavior (individually, and in collectives such as tissues and organs).
	•	Morphoceutical - a biomedical treatment (drug, device, and/or set of stimuli) that exerts its function by re-setting the anatomical setpoint (encoded target morphology) in a patient's tissues and thus leveraging the homeostatic mechanisms which will implement it (in contrast to current approaches which seek to specifically implement a physiological state directly).
	•	Polycomputing - this idea refers to a view of computation as fundamentally observer-driven: what computation a given machine (living or otherwise) is doing depends on which computational lens some particular observer (including the system itself) is using to understand and manipulate a process. Given that, it is clear that the same physical set of processes might be simultaneously implementing multiple different computations. This idea is explored here.
	•	Selflet - a Selflet refers to a thin temporal slice of a cognitive being (in a human, it would be measured in hundreds of milliseconds) across time, as in the "space-time bread loaf" of Special Relativity. It emphasizes that cognitive agents like us are not static, perduring entities but a dynamic pattern that has to re-construct itself and its past from the currently-available memory engrams in its brain, body, and environment. Selflets are snapshots of a mind's "now" moment, and some large number of Selflets integrate into what looks, to observers (and to itself), as an entire agent lasting through time. This model facilitates thinking about memories as messages from your past self, and actions as constraining and enabling your future selves by deforming the energy landscape of the options available to you in the future (via actions that change environmental features and your own structure and information content). This model thus exploits similarities between lateral interactions between agents and "vertical" interactions between a single agent's past and future selves.
	•	Synthbiosis - this one was actually invented for me by GPT-4, to capture the symbiosis of evolved and engineered material in novel chimeric configurations (e.g., cyborg, hybrot, and other novel composite beings at the level of cells, organisms, and societies). In its own words: "this new word is derived from the Greek word "σύνθεσις" (synthesis), meaning "putting together," and "βίος" (bios), meaning "life." The -sis ending is also used in other terms denoting interaction or association, like "symbiosis." Synthbiosis signifies the flourishing relationship between living and artificial or engineered forms, portraying an image of different entities coming together to create something new and beneficial. This term emphasizes the interdependence and co-prosperity that arises from this unique interconnection, reflecting the concept of "thriving together."
	•	Target Morphology - the anatomical pattern to which a cellular collective will work, and the pattern that, once achieved, causes the proliferation and remodeling to stop. The ability to reach a specific target morphology is the competency of cellular collectives to navigate morphospace, and can (as we have shown) be edited in the absence of any genetic change.
	•	Teleophobia - the unwarranted fear of erring on the side of too much agency in explaining or predicting the behavior of a system, and the usage of conceptual tools and strategies that are best suited for the most mechanical side of the spectrum (coupled with a lack of concern about incorrectly attributing too little).
	•	Xenobot - a self-organizing proto-organism discovered by the team at  ICDO which forms when frog embryonic skin cells are liberated from the influence of the other cells and allowed to reboot their multicellularity. Xenobots move around on their own and have a number of other amazing behaviors, serving as a biorobotics platform and helping us to understand the plasticity of life (see full discussion in Biological Robots: Perspectives on an Emerging Interdisciplinary Field). A better definition considers the Xenobot to be not just the proto-organism itself, but the whole multi-scale system comprised of the bots, the AI used in their design, and the human scientists who are using this platform to explore the possibility space of form and function. This expanded view sees Xenobots as a platform with which to understand the latent space of biology.

< Back to top
14. What are memory, agency, decision-making, cognition, goal-directedness, life, etc.?
Each of these is a metaphor, like all scientific concepts - a package of methods and relationships between ideas that offers to ways to think. It is a lens through which we can choose to view a particular context. All of these terms are observer-dependent and relative to a reference frame (a problem space), and each one has advantages and limitations. The quality of each lens is determined by how much prediction, control, and insight (ability to drive novel questions and research progress) they enable in a specific context (not by philosophical pre-commitments). Thus, proposing a precise definition of each of these is essential when embarking on a specific discussion about some system. 
Empirical utility (facilitating the making of testable predictions, and more importantly, driving new experiments and discoveries), not philosophical (armchair) commitments, should be the criterion by which such definitions are evaluated. Moreover, a scale of analysis should be made explicit in all definitions. For example, many attempts to define decision-making break down because of an implicit focus on the molecular event itself. But this is not the only level of analysis and may be sub-optimal in many circumstances. For example, the degree to which an event is a decision has to be judged with respect to how much the optimal understanding and control of that event by an observer (e.g., scientist, or other biological system) will require knowledge of the large-scale goals, adaptive cycles, reward functions, and context - it is only defined within a context that may include evolutionary or engineering cycles. Specifically, the degree to which a process is a decision is proportional to the size of the informational light cone of spatiotemporal events that need to be considered for optimal understanding and management of that event. Very mechanical behaviors can be captured by the immediate, local pushes and pulls occurring to an object. In contrast, to properly understand the events happening in a complex agent need to consider events in the distant past (due to memory), the distant future (due to predictive capacity), and in other locations (due to integrated information across space). Similarly, the closely-related concept of free will cannot be sought in molecular events (where only mechanical necessity and quantum randomness can be found) but in the large-scale behavioral functions that are best understood as a cognitive system curating its own structure and future possibilities by rich chains of action that take place over time.
Some definitions of relevant words as I use them:
	•	Agent - a system that executes a perceptual control loop, in which it takes measurements, compares to setpoint, and tries to minimize error with respect to its setpoint and prior expectations. Agents are demarcated by a cognitive light cone set by the spatiotemporal size of the goals it can pursue. Agents sense, act, and make models of the world around them (and themselves). Agents can be described at multiple scales, including the microscopic scale that emphasizes determinism and backwards-looking explanations for events. Use of the word "Agent" refers to a frame that emphasizes: 
	•	3rd person recognition of a system with competency to navigate problem spaces. Low-agency tools (the tools of physics) are not good at detecting agency (this is why they see chemistry, not minds). Agency is best detected by another agent's cognitive processes in (i.e., external observers such as scientists, parasites, and conspecifics), via perturbational experiments). Detection of Agency is fallible, observer-dependent (not objective), and empirical.
	•	2nd person perspective - attempts to control other agents in a communication/instruction mode - tools along the Continuum of Persuadability (again, dependent on the skill of the observer to deploy the correct tools to exert control and hack the agent to desired outcomes).
	•	Self - a term that emphasizes 1st-person inner perspective consisting of valence, attention, and decision-making. Selves are owners of goals, preferences, and memories that do not belong to any of their parts - an emergent whole implemented by an interlocked triad of: an option space within which it operates, a cognitive light cone demarcating the size of goals in that space which the system can pursue, and a set of cognitive/computational processes that allow the system to navigate the space with some degree of competency). Selves live forward in time, being essentially decision-making systems that cannot be effectively described by deterministic backwards-looking causal stories. Selves arise when some collection of parts all buy in to the same shared story (model) of themselves and their environment (e.g., when cells become coupled by gap junctions, which allows them to share physiological engrams of experiences and thus build up the same internal models/memories, become a coherent emergent morphogenetic agent like an embryo). A defining feature of significant Selves is that they do not try to observe reality "as it is" (preserving the fidelity of information about the environment's microstates) but instead compress and coarse-grain it into memories that will allow their future Selflets to preserve salience, not detail. Selves interpret and reinterpret their memory engrams as they do with any input or signal, not being tied to how the sender (including their own past Selflet) meant it but doing the best it can given to extract adaptive meaning in current internal and external circumstances (this is an example of Polycomputing). Selves are primarily sense-making systems, which reinforce their own reality via models of the world in which they exist.
	•	Goal - A goal exists whenever using the tools of goal-based frameworks (e.g., cybernetics) give engineers good traction on the system (prediction and control). I don’t mean “purpose” (high-level goals where an agent has the meta-cognition to think about having goals and what they might be). And, I think even bowling balls and such have the tiniest, most basic, nano-goals because they follow least-action laws. The word “goal” is useful to indicate situations where an engineer does not need to micromanage some aspects of the system because they can offload that onto the system itself (when it has some ability to pursue goals without you controlling each step). A goal-directed system lets you, as the engineer, trust it to do stuff when you’re not around. So, does a bowling ball have such a property? Yes. Imagine you’re an engineer building a Roller Coaster at an amusement park. What you have to do is engineer a way for it to get up the hill. But you don’t have to worry about getting it down the hill - it already does that, autonomously. Following energy gradients is the simplest, most basic goal there is, and it’s not 0 on the scale of goal-directedness. Sure, it’s incredibly minimal and doesn’t quite look like the goals smart beings have (although some human psychological phenomena can be cashed out as a system following an energy landscape in terms of basic drives and rewards etc.), but I think it’s not 0. Crucially, thinking of goals this way (as a continuum) avoids pseudoproblems brought on by binary frameworks, such as the following. Do single cell organisms have goals? If so, well then little bags of chemical networks have goals. If not, well then remember that we all formed from single cells (fertilized egg), and if that didn’t have goals, and you do, then you need to have a story about when during the gradual, extended process of development it shows up.
	•	Intelligence - a degree of capacity for problem-solving, also known as competently navigating a problem space to reach specific goals despite barriers and novel circumstances. Intelligence is an estimate made of a system by some other observer (i.e., it's in the eye of the beholder and relative to that observer's skill in formulating hypotheses about problem spaces, goals, and competencies and then using perturbative experiments to test them). Intelligence is but a subset of cognitive repertoire more broadly, because there are other components in some systems like exploration, play, ability to change goals (2nd order intelligence), ability to commit to become better at meeting goals and setting goals (3rd order) etc.
	•	Life - I actually don't worry much about the definition of "life" (I'm much more interested in "cognition", which I think is a broader category than life), but if we wanted to define it, I think we call life those cognitive systems that a) self-assemble under metabolic constraints (scarcity of time and energy, which demands essential coarse-graining and agential world-models, as well as memory reinterpretation that commits to sense-making over fidelity), and b) significantly scales up several nested levels of components’ competencies to larger cognitive light cones in new problem spaces. Life is a vulnerable system fundamentally oriented in forward time, and the need to choose the next action. It faces existential uncertainty about the meaning of its own memories and the world around it, the need to coarse-grain rooted in the scarcity of time and energy, and the task of keeping its parts aligned toward goals and in spaces they cannot perceive. Key aspects of life are steermanship, leadership, uncertainty, creativity, projection into new spaces (searching for new problems, not just solutions), and the "strange loop" (in Hofstadter's sence) of giving its own memories, structure, and action menings(being its own observer with a nontrivial point of view). Of course the more conventional definitions (around thermodynamics, evolutionary change, etc.) are also relevant.

< Back to top
15. Isn't it a category error to attribute cognitive properties outside of brainy animals?
A few hundred years ago, it would have been seen as a Category Error to think about the same laws of physics as applicable to the motion of objecs on Earth and to the celestial objects in the sky. Categories are not given to us as pure and obvious - they are cobbled together from the firmware of our cognitive system applied to a relatively small number of experiences, and thus - they need to evolve with the science; they should not be set in stone by armchair philosophizing but earned by difficult experiments. So, with respect to when to attribute cognitive properties, and which ones: there really are no frameworks for guessing in advance how many "beings" exist inside a chunk of neural tissue like a brain, or for knowing how to evaluate the cognitive properties of an alien species with a radically-different architecture. We have very few examples to work with (and for consciousness, just 1 - yourself); the science here is very young, and we need to be open to novel embodiments of mind. Most of all, we can't just have feelings about it - we have to do experiments and try applying tools of other disciplines (from physics to psychoanalysis and everything inbetween) and see how that works out.
It's easier if we give up binary dichotomies. In the pre-scientific past, the options were just 2: "mind like a human's" or "mere physics, like everything else". If those are your only 2 options, then of course scientists might want to say that evolution is completely blind, robots and cyborgs are completely machines with 0 cognition, etc. etc. Acknowledging a continuum view frees us from having to draw arbitrary distinctions and instead get on with the more fruitful research program of importing powerful tools from behavior science (beyond neurons) to make testable hypotheses about what kind, and how much, cognitive capacity we can usefully show in any system.
Specifically relevant to our work is the fact that until now, it's been a standard assumption of the mainstream paradigm that the concepts of chemistry and physics are the right set of tools for developmental and regenerative biology. I think this is a testable assumption (not an unimpeachable philosophical stance), and that in fact the tools of behavioral and cognitive science are also apropos. Living tissues are not the kinds of simple machines that are effectively tamed by low-agency tools.
< Back to top
16. Can we decide what degree of intelligence can be exhibited by cells, tissues, and other unconventional agents as a matter of philosophical commitment? Can we simply define intelligence as something that belongs to a certain kind of brain for example?
People often do, but it’s not a good idea. The position of any system on the Spectrum of Persuadability is a matter of experiment, not armchair preconceptions. On the left side of that spectrum are things like bowling balls – to predict and control them, you focus on their landscape. But to control and predict complex systems (like living beings, and some kinds of robots and autonomous vehicles) the real landscape is not nearly as important as the agent’s *perception* and internal beliefs about the landscape.
So, are cells and tissues more like a bowling ball on a landscape or like a mouse on a landscape? The reason it matters is that it determines which kinds of tools (practical and conceptual) you are empowered to use. The standard assumption of biology is that concepts from chemistry and physics are exclusively the right tools for developmental and regenerative biology (bottom-up approaches). But this is a limiting assumption; treating this as an empirical question instead of a philosophical commitment facilitates research and new discoveries. When we do experiments to probe systems using techniques from other fields (e.g., behavioral science), we often get surprises – intelligent behavior in unexpected places. There needs to be a kind of impedance match between tools and what they are supposed to study. The tools of chemistry and physics are low-agency apparatus, and thus they only see mechanisms and not mind. It requires a mind to be able to detect agency and interface with it.
My lab has been pursuing the hypothesis that the tools of computer science, cybernetics, and behavioral/cognitive sciences are even more apropos, for some purposes in the biological sciences, than those of chemistry and physics, because living tissues are not the kinds of simple machines that are appropriate for those low-agency approaches. By borrowing concepts from fields that focus on information and cognition, we discover novel competencies that we can exploit in biomedical and engineering settings.
< Back to top
17. All the examples of developmental plasticity you talk about - isn't that just complexity and emergence - why bring in concepts from behavioral science?
I claim 2 key things. A) The amazing capabilities of morphogenesis are *not* simply the fact that by following simple rules, complexity reliably emerges. This open-loop emergence indeed does not require any of the cognitive approaches. Instead, what we see morphogenetic systems doing is not just rolling forward toward emergent outcomes but doing novel actions in order to reach the same goal despite perturbations. These homeostatic and allostatic competencies are not found in simple emergent systems and, by their very nature, begin to necessitate tools from the domain that best deals with agents with goals and problem-solving competencies: behavioral and cognitive science. B) If it were optimal to predict, control, and engineer such systems using standard tools of emergence and complexity science, that would indeed not require my approaches. The claim is that treating morphogenesis as a collective intelligence operating in morphospace provides additional control and discovery capabilities over competing traditional approaches, which are reviewed in many of our papers, such as these:
	•	Re-membering the body: applications of computational neuroscience to the top-down control of regeneration of limbs and other complex organs
	•	Cellular signaling pathways as plastic, proto-cognitive systems: Implications for biomedicine
	•	Synthetic morphology with agential materials

< Back to top
18. How does "just physics" become cognition, decision-making, memory, agency, etc.?
Assuming that these terms have binary, sharp definitions leads to thorny pseudoproblems in which it's very hard to see how this mentalistic features arise in a physical world. Instead, we should think of them as different lenses through which we see events - sometimes the physical lens is most useful, sometimes the agential. To make it clear that there is no significant gulf between physics and cognition, always ask "what would a truly minimal, evolutionarily-ancient version of this capacity look like?". This is why issues of basal cognition don't ever depend on the details of what specific forms (paramecia, Physarum, etc.) can or can't do. Regardless of whether a given simple creature has or doesn't have a certain type of learning for example, we know that there must be some simple form, produced by a gradual process of biological reproduction, that is a troublesome case sitting between obvious cognition and simple responses. If we didn't yet have data on basal cognition, we could still be assured that we simply hadn't looked at the right problem space in the right way, for some microbe or other creature.
Unavoidably, if you go back far enough through evolution, the most minimal version of "decision", "memory", etc. will look like physics. The journey toward advanced cognition is gradual - there is no bright line; and difficult-to-classify cases are guaranteed to exist because of the evolutionary continuum (and the ability to make a chimeric system between one that has the property and one that doesn't). The difficulties disappear if we learn to ask not "Whether this system is... " but "How much ... and what kind of ... does it have?".
We must also avoid the tendency to continuously move goalposts. This happens all the time in AI research, where people say that whatever is doable by machine now, that must not be really AI - true Intelligence is whatever we can't engineer yet. When research uncovers the mechanisms underlying any example of basal cognition, people have the tendency to say "ah, I see how that works, so then that's just physics, that's not real memory/decision/cognition". We have to get over the idea that seeing a causal mechanistic chain automatically evaporates cognition or agency. Many people are (implicitly) still expecting some sort of magic underneath that is dispelled by clear explanations and mechanisms. Of course it's physics underneath - what else could it be? The problem is that we shouldn't be looking for cognition at the lower levels - it's apparent when looking at the system top-down (in cybernetic descriptions of agents' teleonomy), not bottom up.
Binary "real cognition" (to be contrasted with the "metaphorical cognition" to be found in cells, tissues, etc.) is a pseudo-scientific folk notion that doesn't take evolution or bioengineering seriously. Thinking of agential models of unconventional agents as "just metaphors" ignores the reality that all scientific concepts are metaphors; the question is not whether something is a metaphor, but what practical advantages any given metaphor enables. No definitions in this field which posit sharp lines are likely to survive the next few decades of bioengineering advances.
The same is true of anthropomorphism - there is no such thing; humans have no magic that can mistakenly be bestowed on others. We have to get over our teleophobia and realize that human minds have no monopoly on decision-making, intelligence, and goals. If the expectations for those features are scaled appropriately to other systems of study, it is reasonable and essential to look for them in other implementations. All of these advanced human capacities evolved from much more simple roots during the evolution of life. The key is to formulate models that use the optimum degree and kind of cognition to model any system most efficiently.
To help think about these things, work backwards. Don't start by asking if amoebae are conscious; start by acknowledging that you are, and then ask yourself: on your journey backwards to a quiescent oocyte (or evolutionarily, to a lower primate and back to a microbe), when does this property wink out? No-where - you will not find any clean line where a certain stage has it, and the stage just before that doesn't have it. A gradualist (continuum) view is the only defensible position, I think.
< Back to top
19. Under the view of agency and intelligence described in these 2 papers, how can we tell what level of cognition a given system has?

	•	Fields, C., Glazebrook, J. F., and Levin, M., (2021), Minimal physicalism as a scale-free substrate for cognition and consciousness, Neuroscience of Consciousness, 7(2): niab013
	•	Levin, M., (2019), The Computational Boundary of a 'Self': Developmental Bioelectricity Drives Multicellularity and Scale-Free Cognition, Frontiers in Psychology, 10: 2688

Cognitive claims are just engineering protocol claims. When you say that system X is some specific level of cognition, what you are really offering is a list of engineering protocols that are good for managing it, including how much autonomous functionality can be expected from it. The level of cognition of a system can be defined as the highest level of cognition that it is helpful to attribute to it when attempting to predict, control, or communicate with it. It is the cognitive level of the most efficient model on the persuadability continuum that you can apply to the system. This means it is observer-dependent, not objective/unique. Under this pragmatic stance, a level of cognitive sophistication applies not to a system but to the interactions an observer can have with that system - it's in the eye of the beholder. Thus, when you estimate the intelligence or cognition of a system, you are in effect taking an IQ test yourself, because it requires a certain degree of intelligence to recognize it in others, and it's easy to miss in unconventional agents. If you don't know what problem space the system is operating in and can't recognize how well it navigates that space, you will under-estimate cognition, often to great opportunity cost. Turing saw this clearly, framing his classic test "in the eye of the beholder".
< Back to top
20. By placing living things on the same spectrum as machines, and explaining biological phenomena via algorithms, are you hoping to advance a mechanistic, reductionist agenda?
No, just the opposite. My work is fundamentally rooted in the organicist tradition. But I reject the simple dichotomy, binary thinking, and zero-sum-game approach that says that in order for conventional living beings to drive the necessary amount of awe and respect, the rest of the universe has to provide a strong contrast and be entirely mindless. My framework does not reduce the importance, magic, or moral worth of living beings; however, it hopes to give insight into their essential nature that goes far beyond familiar implementations. I think that the holistic, organicist community does not take their own views seriously enough and stops short of where these ideas really need to go. It's not that living things are less amazing than we thought. It's that we did not properly appreciate what "mere matter", algorithms, and the laws of cybernetics were actually capable of. Compared to popular approaches to this deep question, it sees more life and mind, not less.
So what is a machine? A "machine" is any system that is understandable to some extent from a 3rd-person perspective - it has features that allow other observers to predict and rationally manipulate its behavior. On this account, human beings (and other animals) have machine-like aspects because bioengineers, parasites, etc. are able to hack our bodies (and cognitive systems) to make certain things happen. But of course, those machine like aspects do not tell the whole story, because there is also a lot of richness to be had from engaging with the first person perspective - benefit from the high levels of agency, autonomy, and wisdom that living systems can offer (complementing the control lens of the engineer with a relationship lens where you learn from, not just manipulate, the other side of the interaction). Is a human being a machine? That depends on you, the observer, and what frame you choose to take for a given interaction with that human. Various contexts favor different degrees of deploying toolkits appropriate to dealing with machines or high-agency beings.
< Back to top
21. So is life/brain/body like a computer?
Yes and no. It's certainly not like the computer architecture most of us use today - a linear, deterministic, centrally-controlled process. But it does have some features which concepts in computer science really help to understand. These key similarities include the ability of muliple subsystems to encode and process symbols, to be reprogrammable (new behavior patterns from the exact same hardware), multi-scale causality (yes, chemistry at the bottom; but also, algorithms/cognition at the top which has causal power), and perhaps the most powerful concept of all: abstraction layers which hide the complexity of the micro-scale details underneath to allow efficient control by hacking the system at higher levels using targets that do not exist at lower levels. This allows evolution to work over a highly competent material, and cells and tissues to behavior-shape each other in complex and adaptive ways. 
< Back to top
22. Why is it so hard for us to recognize intelligence in unconventional embodiments?
Because our sensory organs evolved to look outward, calibrated for medium-sized objects moving at medium speeds - our training set has been observing behavior as motion in the 3D world and that is the kind of intelligent problem-solving we are reasonably good at recognizing and managing. If we had senses (like bio-feedback) that routinely let us directly feel how well our inner organs were navigating physiological space every day, we would have no problem recognizing the function of the pancreas (for example) as intelligent behavior. Embodiment is critical for intelligence, but it doesn't mean necessarily embodiment and motion in 3D space - embodiment can occur in many different problem spaces. In the end, the relevant factor is not whether we, as external observers, are smart enough to notice if the system has a body in some unconventional problem space: it's whether the system itself believes it has a body and a perception-action loop in a space it models.
< Back to top
23. What kind of pushback does this set of views receive?
A) One claim is that we can just do the experiments without needing all the philosophy. I think there is no such thing as experiments without a philosophy, explicit or unexamined, that constrains some approaches and facilitates others. My claim is that over the last 30 years, we've done experiments that were novel (not done) because other competing views did not suggest those experiments. Thus I believe this framework generates novel discoveries and empirical progress, as frameworks should. B) Organicists tend to like the part where I extend mind to unconventional aspects of the biosphere (the holistic aspects), but they do not like the fact that in my framework, this merges smoothly and continuously into "machines" on the left side of the spectrum - they prefer a sharp separation, and worry about an engineering approach that they think will diminish the moral worth and majesty of life C) Molecular biologists go the other direction - they tend to like the engineering and computational metaphors, but don't approve of the claim that this merges smoothly into cognitive science on the right side of the spectrum. They worry about profligately painting mental terms onto things which are well-described by mechanistic approaches (which my framework explicitly does not do). D) There is also lots of resistance of the form "That's just chemistry and physics, it's not cognitive", which rests on philosophical commitments to what should and shouldn't be cognitive (and unspoken, quasi-religious assumptions that humans are somehow magical and that something should be underneath the cognition that is something other than chemistry and physics). I claim that such views should be empirical claims, not a priori feelings, and need to be tested for their utility in driving research. i.e., it's then on the skeptic to specify what they think the necessary and sufficient conditions should be.
< Back to top
24. What does this imply for machine learning?
One implication is that a crucial test of general AI should be the capability of detecting agency in others. Machine Learning should not only exhibit cognition, but one of its skills must be to recognize and characterize cognition in other systems which it interacts with. Synthetic cognitive agents should not only be able to pass Turing Tests (or mini versions thereof, in other spaces) but should also have a drive to, in effect, administer them by seeking to correctly estimate the level of agency in its surroundings.
< Back to top
25. Given the argument that chimeric technologies and gradual evolutionary chains between living forms dissolve binary, crisp categories, what really is a human - what's a useful definition of a human, when brain structure and sensory/motor components can change radically?
Useful definitions of human need to be developed for future discussions of how upset we should be when our bodies and brains are replaced with novel architectures or evolved modifications (or the natural species is supplanted entirely), how to estimate capacity of cyborgs etc. for agency and moral judgement in legal settings, and for ethical considerations of responsibility toward beings whose composition and origin are very different from our own. I don't know the right answer, but I suggest that one useful direction is to define a human as a being that can harness its IQ and goal-directed behavior at a specific level of compassion " humans have a larger cognitive boundary than other beings known to date, and we can define as human a being with a minimal level of capacity to pursue goals that are aimed outwards (rather than its own goals) - at increasing the well-being of others. "Human" should be a term that indicates achievement of a level of ethical sophistication, not directly derivable from genotype, composition, or origin story (evolved, engineered, or a mix of the two).
Indeed, the "proof of humanity certificates" which are being developed in this time of advances of AI put the problem most clearly. What do you really want to know, as proof of "humanity"? Is it having a natural human genome, or a standard evolved set of anatomical structures? I don't believe those are useful criteria. What we really want to know, when making sure we're dealing with a human, is that they have a minimal level of competency for compassion, the right size of cognitive light cone to be able to care about the things we care about, and face the same existential battles that we do (autopoietic self-construction, an impermanent fluid self, limitations that drive and constrain actions, etc.) - beings who meet those criteria are the ones with whom we can have human relationships. The rest (what combination of evolved/engineered materials they are made of etc.) are as irrelevant as other details of origin and appearance which society has fought hard to dethrone as metrics for how we should treat each other.
< Back to top
26. How does learning relate to direct cellular control?
Learning is a more effective version of what we try to do when we try to micromanage the function of a brain from the outside; a learning system is also doing the same thing, to its own brain - writing into the memory medium and controlling effectors, but doing it better than our clumsy external interventions. Evolution provides several physiological software layers on top of the lowest-level molecular modules because that's the most efficient way to control them (it's using the higher-level interfaces), and we should do it too - transformative regenerative medicine by taking advantage of the intelligence of the tissues, which enable us to work in simpler reward spaces, not gene expression spaces - using stimuli, not rewiring. See Top-down models in biology: explanation and control of complex living systems above the molecular level.
< Back to top
27. Isn't everything eventually supposed to be explained by the lowest level possible?
No, see the recent advances in information theory:
	•	Hoel, E. P., Albantakis, L., Tononi, G. (2013). Quantifying causal emergence shows that macro can beat micro, Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 110(49):19790-5
	•	and also Noble, D. (2021). A theory of biological relativity: no privileged level of causation. Interface Focus

Consider the Game of Life cellular automaton. This world has a deterministic, simple physics and you can predict all microstates going forward into infinity. And yet, if our visual system wasn't tuned to find "persistent moving objects", we would have no concept of a "glider" and then we wouldn't think of making Turing machines out of glider streams: our engineering capacities in this space are directly potentiated (i.e., objectively made better) by having the ability to conceive of macro-scale entities.
Also, imagine what would have happened if at the turn of the 20th century, physicists thought that they could track each molecules of a gas. We might have missed out on the very deep discoveries of thermodynamics, resulting from coarse-graining and taking seriously higher levels of description. Modern biologists have the feeling that soon we will track every molecule (through big data and omics approaches) and this is keeping us from finding things like the Boyles Law for biology. Always looking at the most detailed level can obscure great truths.
The bottom line is that we need to outgrow our teleophobia, and realize that under-estimating agency is as bad as overestimating it.
< Back to top
28. What is it like to be part of the multi-scale Selves architecture described in your 2019 article The Computational Boundary of a "Self": Developmental Bioelectricity Drives Multicellularity and Scale-Free Cognition?
Each subunit has its own experience (including us). To a cell, competently going about its business of maintaining physiological homeostasis and planar polarity with its neighbors, getting even a glimpse of the immensely huge and alien goals of the person in whose body they live would be a horror that even Lovecraft could not have imagined. As of yet, we have no inkling of how to detect what supersystem we may be part of, or what problem space it is navigating.
< Back to top
29. What about consciousness?
My work is mostly about objective, external phenomena such as cognitive behavior. But I can say a few things. First, I think that Consciousness cannot really be studied in 3rd person. The only way to do it is to become part of the experiment; and, as mystics have long said, you can't stay the same while doing that (unlike normal, objective, 3rd person science). It can only be studied in 1st person, for example by modifying your own conscious experience by merging with your subject (in a stronger way than seeing data about their brain come from your visual system looking at instruments). See the last figure of Technological Approach to Mind Everywhere (TAME): an experimentally-grounded framework for understanding diverse bodies and minds.
The reason it is a Hard Problem (in Chalmers' sense) is that there is no obvious format for a prediction in this theory. Imagine we had a correct (or even good) theory of consciousness; now we ask it to predict the conscious experience of a creature in a specific scenario. What form will the predictions of a theory of consciousness take? Not predictions about its behavioral dispositions or physiology - predictions about its experience. What would that prediction even look like? We have no idea; unlike other scientific subjects, where the predictions have obvious forms in quantifiable terms that can be communicated between scientists, we don't know how to move information from a theory of consciousness to scientific observers other than to connect them to the system and let them experience it for themselves (as a new creature emergent from this mind-meld). 
A second thing I can say (and I've argued it in this short talk) is that for the same reasons we associate consciousness with brains - behavior and physiological mechanisms - we should take seriously (nonverbal) consciousness in other components of bodies. Much of what neurons in the brain are doing is happening everywhere in the body (and of course "you" aren't aware of it, any more than you are directly aware of the consciousness of other humans). But in any case, I don't pretend to have any solutions to the Hard problem - for now, I'm sticking to observable cognitive questions. 
< Back to top
Practical Implications and Ethics
30. In what sense are Xenobots "bioengineered"? They have a wild-type genome and no inorganic components. How is it "robotics"?
Engineering is not just adding new circuits or components, it's more general - the rational modulation of natural systems to change their functionality or behavior. In the case of the Xenobots, we did something interesting: removing influences and constraints. By liberating the skin cells from the rest of the embryo, we unlocked a bunch of potential (of these competent subunits) which was being kept suppressed by developmental signals from other tissues. These skin cells were being told to have a quiet, boring 2-dimensional life as a barrier layer of an active system (the tadpole). On their own however, we see their default geodesic in problem space: what they would rather do, when left to their own devices, is to have a more exciting 3-dimensional life as a Xenobot. This is control by releasing constraints to reveal the native problem-solving capabilities of cell collectives that were not apparent in their default context.
Similarly, robotics is not about micromanaging every functionality and programming every capacity directly. That is how robotics started, but it is just an early phase of the field, where the engineer works with passive, dumb parts. The more advanced phase, which we unlock by working with biological components, is that we can work with competentparts that do things we don't always have to micromanage. Learning to create autonomous machines with emergent functions (robotics) involves guided self-assembly, where we provide signals and conditions but rely on multiple levels of competency and spontaneous behavior from our materials. It is an outdated view to think of robots as necessarily being highly predictable, metallic, and precisely-engineered at all levels. Xenobots are an ideal example of robotics as a collaborative process between the human designer and materials that have competency at multiple scales.
< Back to top
31. What are the practical implications of your work?
Our projects are basic research aimed at understanding fundamental mechanisms and dynamics. However, once uncovered, these mechanisms suggest control points for biomedical intervention. Thus, our work suggests novel approaches to the detection, prevention, and repair of birth defects (especially involving the laterality of the heart and various internal organs and brain/craniofacial disorders), new diagnostic and treatment modalities for some types of cancers, approaches to induce regenerative repair of limbs, eyes, spinal cords, and face, and the discovery of new nootropic drugs (compounds that increase intelligence or improve memory for example). Specifically, our strategy is to find the highest-level signals with which we can communicate to cell collectives to build specific shapes, avoiding bottom-up micromanagement of pathways.
< Back to top
32. So on your view of collective intelligence and homeodynamic setpoints, what could be a definition of "health"?
This term can usefully mean different things in different contexts, but how about this as a definition focused on the multiscale competency architecture. Health is a descriptor of the degree to which flow of control most successfully spans levels of organization. That is, higher levels (e.g., the social mind and advanced cognition) successfully deform the energy landscape for the lower levels (organs, cells, and molecular pathways), while those lower levels competently solve problems to allow the higher levels to communicate, delegate, and incentivize instead of micromanaging details. The levels of competition are kept just high enough to enable coordination, stress is low because each subsystem at its own scale and in its own space is close to its homeodynamic setpoint, and the boundaries of each agent at its own scale are crisp and obvious to all (avoiding dissociative identity defections, psychological as well as cancer). Adaptive control and communication relationships between Selves at all levels of organization, not just lateral homeostatic states, within the body are what is crucial for optimal health from molecular pathways to societies and ecosystems.
< Back to top
33. What are the implications of these views for evolution or bioengineering?
I think that evolution is not just about "how to make feature X". The parts are very competent, and they will do things on their own, by default (as our Xenobot and other experiments show). The real trick is to bend their action space so that the system's subunits do (or don't do) what's good for the large organism - it's not just about evolving mechanisms to build organs. The default has action and goal-seeking at every level at every level - the parts do things in their local problem spaces if left to their own devices. So, for evolution to adapt structure and function, it's not all micromanagement - it's "guided self-assembly" and behavior shaping, the same way that bioengineers work not with passive materials but rather agential matter. We have to modulate what the cells do - we don't micro-specify features, we try to guide them toward outcomes, if we can, but the cell collectives do all the heavy lifting. This is seen in cancer too. "Why is there cancer?" is the wrong question, because the default for cells is to replicate and migrate. The real question is, why is there ever anything but cancer - how does this normal behavior of cells get suppressed in vivo. The key effort is to achieve a mature science of collective intelligence, to learn to predict and control what the default geodesics are for cell collectives in morphological, physiological, transcriptional, and behavioral spaces.
There are implications for the intellectual property system, for example. With classical, passive materials where everything is in what the craftsman did, patenting the craftsman's recipe makes sense. It's not yet suitable for work with active materials where the inventor is a collaborator with the material- the outcome is partly the method but it's partly what you've discovered about the competency of the agential material. It's different than trying to patent natural laws, because they are (probably?) passive and constant. Whereas agential matter (biological components, and someday multi scale engineered materials) is helping the inventor get it done - it's doing a lot of the heavy lifting, and we have to figure out how to patent cases like that. There will be more and more of that as tech evolves. It's probably the same as with inventions by AI agents - it's a collaboration.
< Back to top
34. What are the long-term implications of chimeric and biobot technologies?
Over and above useful synthetic living machines, sandbox systems like Xenobots are extremely safe ways to begin to hone the science of decreasing radical surprise. We work on creating tools to predict or manage what novel collective agents (from Internet of Things to robotic swarms to groups of cells in a petri dish to bacterial colonies) will want to do. We are surrounded by highly impactful technologies whose drives we do not understand; it is imperative to use model systems like Xenobots (swarms made of intelligent components) to begin to develop frameworks for understanding where complex systems' goals come from and how they can be guided toward life-positive outcomes.
< Back to top
35. What is the ethical status of enhancement - why should we want to improve our bodies and IQs with new extended mind, prosthetic, and hybrid technologies?
One key aspect is morphological freedom (a.k.a., radical freedom of embodiment). We were all born into physical and mental limitations that were set at arbitrary levels by chance and genetics. Even those who have "perfect" standard human health and capabilities are limited by anatomical decisions that were not made with anyone's well-being or fulfillment in mind. I consider it to be a core right of sentient beings to (if they wish) move beyond the involuntary vagaries of their birth and alter their form and function in whatever way suits their personal goals and potential. We spend a lot of time talking about freedom of speech and behavior, but all of those are derived from the fundamental bodies and minds we have - disease, aging, birth defects, and the vagaries of the random evolutionary process have embodied us in ways that fundamentally limit the kinds of thoughts we can have and what we can achieve. It is everyone's right to improve as they will, and our duty as scientists (and supporters of progress) to enable methods for liberation from arbitrary constraints of the evolutionary process as it happened to occur on this planet.
A second aspect is compassion. Each of us has a cognitive light cone which determines the size of goal states we can actively care about. By increasing our cognitive capacity, and enlarging that light cone, we become capable of greater compassion - we become able to functionally care about the well-being of more sentient beings. This is not about feeling emotions (love) toward others, but about having the cognitive depth to actively work towards the improvement of the lived experience of all creatures. It is also not about raising IQ just for the sake of newer tech; the technology is just a tool, and the more fundamental goal of increasing intelligence is to increase the facility of practical care. If all this talk of inauspicious births, compassion, and liberation of sentient beings from suffering sounds familiar, it should - there are links here to ancient ways of thinking about the world
< Back to top
36. Isn't { Xenobots, bioelectric repair, etc. } going too far?
There is no magical line that separates life-improving techniques from ones that are "too much change". When early hominids went into a cave to get out of the cold rain and avoid pneumonia, they were already on a continuous journey to setting bones, brain surgery, and marrow transplants. We always use our intelligence to improve our lot and fight the vagaries of a dangerous world; there is no principled way to draw a line between improvements that are allowable and ones that should be prevented. Each technology can be debated on its own pros and cons, but there is no sense in which one can go "too far" along the path of improving life for all. Moreover, we have a moral responsibility to use our intelligence to improve life for every being.
The sense of advance is relative; I imagine that our concerns over today's technologies will sound like this to our future descendants: "Og make wheel? Og go too far!! Wear fur, make fire to cook, ok, those good; but what next - plant seeds? Set bones? Those go too far - it's playing gods. Must make taboo!!" If that sounds too outlandish, consider the reaction of crowds to the audacity of the first umbrella. This is how our current wrangling over these technologies will seem to our descendants.
< Back to top
37. Shouldn't we be outraged over making living machines out of skin cells? (Xenobots etc.)
No longer being able to rely on what something looks like (composition - biological vs. metallic) or where it came from (evolved or engineered) to determine how you should relate to it - that does call for new ethics beyond "how much like a human brain does it look like" (see Synthetic Living Organisms: Heralds of a Revolution in Technology & Ethics). However, our outrage should be proportionally calibrated. Before one worries about autonomous pieces of skin, we have to deal with the millennia-long history of shaping living things towards others' purposes. There are primitive cultures' ancient practices of modifying pig snouts to keep them unable to root (and thus dependent on humans), etc. and more recently, factory farming. The abhorrent conditions for complex animals in factory farms are by far a bigger problem world-wide than anything that is happening with skin cells allowed to reboot their multicellularity.
< Back to top
38. Why did you specifically choose ciliated cells as a material - are they the only cells that can make biobots?
It is likely that most cells will be able to exhibit self-assembly to novel forms of life and behavior. The problem is that currently, interesting functionality and problem-solving in other spaces besides familiar 3D space of motile behavior is hard to detect. Thus, we started with cells that could produce movement and morphogenesis - something easy to recognize and study. It is quite possible that many of the passive organoids or other ex-vivo bioengineered constructs are doing fascinating things in transcriptional, physiological, metabolic, and other spaces, but no one knows this because people tend to equate intelligence with movement. We are working to develop formalisms and tools to detect other kinds of problem-solving and exploratory behavior in unconventional embodiments, and synthetic living forms are an excellent tool for the field of Diverse Intelligence to extend our own IQ in recognizing novel functionality in unfamiliar guises.
< Back to top
39. { Xenobots, regeneration, enhancement, etc.} is not natural!
Don't confuse "this is how it's always been, and how it is now" with "this is how it should be" or "this is how it has to be". In the pre-scientific era, it was possible to have a worldview in which the status quo was set up by God and thus was the way things should bebecause it was set up to be the best possible way. We now know that the state of the biosphere, our own anatomies, capacities, and behavioral proclivities are all the outcomes of an evolutionary process that rewards prevalence, not quality. Evolution is a meandering search that does not seek to optimize our happiness, quality of life, intelligence, ability to see truth, or any of the things to value. It basically just optimizes for adaptive biomass - the most life to be observable. Surely we can do better than the vagaries of chance and necessity have done so far.
Consistent with this, the status quo is pretty terrible - disease and arbitrary limits on potential and quality of life abound. Those limitations (what some people call "too far") are not set by a wise creator who knows what's good for us - they are purely accidental, driven by the meanderings of the evolutionary process through the space of possibilities. There is nothing sacred or beneficial about the limits we face in our baseline state. Once we realize that there is no one setting a beneficial agenda, we have a moral responsibility to do it ourselves. There is no one else to do it for us, and failing to pursue scientific ways to improve life is a kind of cowardly moral abdication of responsibility. It is our duty to improve ourselves and our world, which fortunately we can do because our cognitive capacities enable working toward specific goals, not just blind local search. If we set our goal space to be inclusive and very large, the combination of intellect and compassion offers much opportunity to do better than "natural".
There's even an interesting component of this in the Judeo-Christian origin story. Why did God have Adam name the animals in the Garden of Eden - why didn't he tell Adam what they were, or have the angels pre-name them? Because it is up to us to understand the world around us - to name things (discover their true nature), and create new things that didn't exist before, naming them (in the scientific sense of understanding their essence) as we go. This doesn't mean we shouldn't be constantly humble about the many deep areas of ignorance or the unexpected consequences of any action. But the solution to those limitations is more science, not less, a mind open to life-as-it-can-be, and striving for improvements for all, not artificial self-imposed limitations of a pre-scientific worldview in which we hope that someone else will do what needs to be done.
< Back to top
40. What keeps me up at night? What am I worried about, with these technologies?
What keeps me up at night is the risk of committing the ethical lapse of not moving these discoveries to their full positive impact for humanity and other life forms, current and future. I worry about limitations of drive, vision, intellect, and commitment that would prevent us from implementing the moral imperative to use our minds to improve life for all, and live up to our full potential as living beings. Fear and lack of clarity leads to the opportunity cost of failing to address the enormous biomedical suffering in the world. These technologies can help us implement effective compassion, and correct the unjust disparities resulting from an evolutionary and genetic lottery which distributes a range of bodily damage across the population.
The ethics component here is not just about what could go wrong. Often people focus on the potential problems, because "don't make things worse" hides the implicit assumption that everything is fine now, and we should just make sure we don't ruin things. This is of course something to keep an eye on, but it neglects a huge part of the equation. Things are absolutely not fine now, as obvious from the state of the world and the phone calls I receive daily from people with horrendous medical issues (there is an almost perfect correlation between young, healthy people who call me saying "stop this scary research" and ones whose children or themselves have various severe problems who call and say "what's taking you so long to find solutions"). The moral calculus of what to do must take into account the negative balance of failing to help those whose physical embodiments are impairing quality of life.
We now know that we have not been placed, with great care for our happiness and well-being, at come carefully-curated optimum of capabilities. There is nothing special, optimal, or "right" about our current levels of IQ, susceptibility to aging and disease, and various limitations - these are just where the meandering process of evolution happened to bring us. It is up to us to rise to the challenge, move beyond the vagaries of our meandering history through genotype space and random external influences, and improve the embodied experience for all sentient beings.
< Back to top
Miscellaneous
41. What might be a relevant piece of art for this whole "multi-scale Selves" topic?
My favorite is this passage, from Stephen King's story "Little Sisters of Eluria":
"Jenna?
Nothing. Only the wind and the smell of the sage.
Without thinking about what he was doing (like play-acting, reasoned thought was not his strong suit), he bent, picked up the wimple, and shook it. The Dark Bells rang.
For a moment there was nothing. Then a thousand small dark creatures came scurrying out of the sage, gathering on the broken earth. Roland thought of the battalion marching down the side of the freighter's and took a step back. Then he held his position. As, he saw, the bugs holding theirs.
He believed he understood. Some of this understanding came from his memory of how Sister Mary's flesh had felt under his hands... how it had felt various, not one thing but many. Part of it was what she had Said: I have supped with them. Such as them might never die but they might change.
The insects trembled, a dark cloud of them blotting out the white powdery earth.
Roland shook the bells again.
A shiver ran through them in a subtle wave, and then they began form a shape. They hesitated as if unsure of how to go on, regrouped, began again. What they eventually "made on the whiteness of the sand there between the blowing fluffs of lilac-coloured sage was one of Great Letters: the letter C."
"Except it wasn't really a letter, the gunslinger saw; it was a curl.
They began to sing, and to Roland it sounded as if they were singing his name.
The bells fell from his unnerved hand, and when they struck ground and chimed there, the mass of bugs broke apart, running every direction. He thought of calling them back - ringing the bell again might do that - but to what purpose? To what end?
Ask me not, Roland. 'Tis done, the bridge burned.
Yet she had come to him one last time, imposing her will over thousand various parts that should have lost the ability to think when the whole lost its cohesion . . . and yet she had thought, somehow enough to make that shape. How much effort might that have taken?"
< Back to top


Embodied Minds: understanding diverse intelligence in evolved, designed, and hybrid complex systems 
Each of us took the remarkable journey from matter to mind. Once we were quiescent egg cells; slowly, gradually, we became human beings capable of advanced metacognition. Our group studies the processes by which intelligence, in myriad conventional and unconventional embodiments, operates in the physical world. We combine developmental biophysics, computer science, and behavioral science to understand how cognition scales up: from the metabolic and physiological competencies of single cells, through the organ-building and repair capabilities of cellular collectives, to the classical behavioral repertoires of whole organisms and swarms. While looking for scale-invariant principles, current work focuses on interrogating non-neural cognition, in particular on the emergence of proto-cognition in cell collectives at both evolutionary and developmental timescales.  
We work at the intersection of developmental biology, artificial life, bioengineering, synthetic morphology, and cognitive science. Seeking general principles of life-as-it-can-be, we use a wide range of natural animal models and also create novel synthetic and chimeric life forms. Our goal is to develop generative conceptual frameworks that help us detect, understand, predict, and communicate with truly diverse intelligences, including cells, tissues, organs, synthetic living constructs, robots, and software-based AIs. 
Our main model system is morphogenesis: the ability of multicellular bodies to self-assemble, repair, and improvise novel solutions to anatomical goals. We ask questions about the mechanisms required to achieve robust, multiscale, adaptive order in vivo, and about the algorithms sufficient to reproduce this capacity in other substrates. One of our unique specialties is the study of developmental bioelectricity: ways in which all cells connect in somatic electrical networks that store, process, and act on information to control large-scale body structure. Our lab creates and employs tools to read and edit the bioelectric code that guides the proto-cognitive computations of the body, much as neuroscientists are learning to read and write the mental content of the brain.
Our mission is to develop fundamental understanding of how minds of all kinds arise, scale, persist, and change; we seek to use that knowledge to benefit the embodied experience of sentient beings, through biomedicine and beyond.

Temporal Information
Cognitive/Behavioral Science Projects in the Levin Lab
￼
	•	Body cells
	•	Behavioral memory storage outside the brain
	•	Sensing & remembering target morphology
	•	Modeling of gene regulatory network behavioral competencies
	•	Learning and memory in cells and tissues ex vivo
	•	Brain and CNS
	•	Plasticity of interface to ectopic sensory and motor organs
	•	Communication between two brains in the same body
	•	Neural (long-range) control of morphogenesis
	•	Information processing & computation
	•	Information processing models of physiological signaling networks
	•	Modeling morphogenesis as behavior of collective intelligence of cell swarms
	•	Symbolic Al methods to infer patterning mechanisms

The Properties of Memory Storage and Transmission in Tissue
￼
Flatworms can learn in a variety of behavioral paradigms and are a unique model system in which regeneration and memory can be studied in the same animal. In partnership with Boston Engineering, we have designed and built a computer-controlled automated learning and testing chamber that allows the training of a set of worms in a consistent environment (removing sources of error such as observer limitations, and greatly increasing the efficiency of the learning process). By combining a robust learning/memory response with experiments feasible only in this highly-regenerative model system, we are investigating the molecular basis of memory. Using quantitative, automated behavior analysis techniques we are asking how and where information is encoded and how it can be imprinted upon the regenerating brain by other tissues. 
￼
Our parallelized machine vision and environmental control platform is a unique next-generation system allowing not only quantitative characterization of animal behavior (worm, tadpole, and zebrafish) but real-time reward/punishment feedback to each individual subject independently, allowing powerful learning and instrumental/classical conditioning assays. A scaled-up version of this technology will allow high-throughput screening of small molecule libraries for complex neuroactive effects (such as nootropic compounds that increase learning rate, modulate addiction, etc.). In vertebrate systems such as tadpoles, we are investigating the cognitive consequences of laterality inversion and brain plasticity in the context of altered CNS topology or addition of ectopic sensory/motor organs.
￼
The ability to manipulate large-scale anatomy using our unique bioelectric reagents offers an excellent opportunity to study the plasticity and dynamic properties of the brain-body interface. In organisms with ectopic sense organs or limbs, how does the brain recognize the presence of these extraneous (and evolutionarily unexpected) structures, and how does it incorporate their data and abilities into functional behavioral programs? We are currently pursuing this question using behavioral and neurophysiological analysis of tadpoles with extra eyes in the flank and other regions. Understanding the means by which the CNS recognizes tissues in aberrant locations will enrich fields such as sensory augmentation, regenerative repair of injury, brain plasticity, morphogenetic surveillance during pattern formation, and synthetic biology/bioengineering.

￼
￼
"The great field for new discoveries ... is always the unclassified residuum. Round about the accredited and orderly facts of every science there ever floats a sort of dust-cloud of exceptional observations ... Any one will renovate his science who will steadily look after the irregular phenomena." —William James (1890)

Spatial Information
Bioelectric Morphogenesis Projects in the Levin Lab
￼
	•	Cancer as a disease of geometry
	•	Detection of cancer via bioelectric signatures
	•	Neoplastic conversion without genetic damage
	•	Tumor normalization by enlarging computational boundary of cells
	•	Development
	•	Crarniofacial patterning
	•	Morphogenesis of new synthetic organisms
	•	Left-right asymmetry scaling from cytoskeleton to whole body axis
	•	Regeneration
	•	Limb regeneration in amphibians and mammals
	•	Head-tail regenerative polarity (planaria)
	•	Planarian shape control and species' attractors in morphospace
	•	Spinal cord (tail) regeneration

Summary
The capacity to generate a complex organism from the single cell of a fertilized egg is one of the most amazing qualities of multicellular creatures. The processes involved in laying out a basic body plan and defining the structures that will ultimately be formed depend upon a constant flow of information between cells and tissues. The Levin laboratory studies the molecular mechanisms that cells use to communicate with one another in the 4-dimensional dynamical system known as the developing embryo. We also study the flow of information necessary for an injured system to recognize what structures must be rebuilt, and the algorithms that coordinate individual cell activity towards specific patterning outcomes during remodeling and cancer suppression. Through experimental approaches and mathematical modeling, we examine the processes governing large-scale pattern formation and biological information storage during animal embryogenesis and regeneration. Our investigations are directed toward understanding the mechanisms of signaling between cells and tissues that allows a biological system to reliably generate, maintain, and repair a complex morphology as a kind of navigation of morphospace. We study these processes in the context of embryonic development, regeneration and cancer, with a particular emphasis on the biophysics of cell behavior. In complement to other groups focusing on gene expression networks and biochemical signaling factors, we are pursuing, at a molecular level, the roles of endogenous voltages, and bioelectric gradients as epigenetic carriers of morphological information and as a kind of "cognitive glue" that binds individual cells toward common purpose in their activity. Using gain- and loss-of-function techniques to specifically modulate cells' ion flow we have the ability to regulate large-scale morphogenetic events relevant to limb formation, eye induction, craniofacial and neural patterning, limb regeneration, head remodeling, etc. While our focus is on the fundamental mechanisms of pattern regulation, this information will also result in important clinical advances through harnessing bioelectrical controls of cell behavior for regenerative medicine. Our goal is to understand how to use low-complexity triggers (morphogenetic subroutine calls) to kickstart, not micromanage, a complex repair cascade. An example is the 24-hour bioreactor treatment of an adult frog leg which causes a year and a half of autonomous regeneration.
Bioelectrical controls of vertebrate appendage regeneration
￼
￼
￼
Regeneration is a fascinating example of pattern regulation, and has important biomedical implications. A regenerating system must not only recognize damage, but also pursue a goal-directed process of restoring the missing structures (and crucially, know to stop when this process is complete, thus avoiding cancerous overgrowth). Interestingly, systems with high regenerative ability have low susceptibility to neoplasm, contrary to the simple view in which cellular plasticity and propensity for proliferation should go together in cancer and regeneration. Instead, data suggest that the morphogenetic controls imposed during regeneration can prevent cells from ignoring the patterning cues of the host (as occurs in many cancers). What is the mechanistic nature of these controls? Our lab studies the role of voltage gradients, and how these biophysical controls couple to genetic and epigenetic pathways in the induction of regeneration and the imposition of correct morphology on the restored tissue. We mainly use two model systems to understand these processes: Xenopus laevistadpoles and planarian flatworms. An important part of our mission is the development of molecular reagents, protocols, databases, transgenic animals, and conceptual (modeling) tools to facilitate others' study of bioelectrical signals in many aspects of morphogenesis in diverse model systems.
While vertebrate regeneration is considered to be limited, the Xenopus tadpole is able to regenerate its tail - a complex appendage containing spinal neurons, muscle, skin, and vasculature. We identified three electrogenic proteins whose activity is required for the production of a depolarization zone that underlies regeneration in the blastema and demonstrated that a proton flux from the wound epithelium is necessary and sufficient to drive the downstream events of regeneration, including cell proliferation, innervation, and expression of regeneration-specific markers. We are currently working on inducing regeneration of limbs, eyes, tails, and craniofacial structures in normally non-regenerating species by providing the appropriate bioelectric signals to the cells at the wound site. While ion flows control cell-level behaviors such as migration, differentiation, and proliferation, bioelectric signals also function as master regulators of large-scale shape in many contexts: a simple signal can induce complex, highly orchestrated, self-limiting downstream morphogenetic cascades. For example, an unmodulated flux of protons can cause the formation of a complete tail of the right rise and tissue composition. Inducing the host to form structures it already knows how to make is a very desirable property for regenerative medicine approaches since it avoids the inevitable complexity explosion of having to micromanage (directly bioengineer) the creation of complex organs and appendages. We are also pursuing novel long-range sources of patterning information for regeneration, such as the body-wide bioelectric cues that regulate formation of the nascent brain and suppression of tumorigenesis.
Bioelectrical, non-local controls of regenerative polarity in planaria
￼
￼
Planarian flatworms have an impressive capacity for regeneration. They are able to regenerate large parts of the body, and are continuously maintained by a well-characterized resident population of adult stem cells. Upon cutting, these organisms are able to regenerate the head and tail at their appropriate locations. What mechanisms determine the polarity and allow tissue re-patterning to take place? Consider: after bisection, cells on one side of the cut (in the head fragment's posterior end) will form a tail, while cells which were their immediate neighbors before the cut will make a head (the tail fragment's anterior half). Our data suggest that the mechanism by which blastema cells poll the rest of the host (to determine where the wound is located and what other tissues already exist in the fragment and thus don't need to be recreated) is mediated by physiological signals passing through nerves and long-range gap junctional paths. We have identified endogenous ion fluxes and voltage gradients maintained by specific ion pumps which are crucial for the determination of anterior-posterior polarity during regeneration; manipulating these signals allows us to specify tissue identity and thus control the anatomical structure of regenerating worms. Through studying the roles of electrical polarity (maintained by ion channel and gap junction systems) in planarian regeneration we are gaining insight into the control of regeneration and morphogenesis by endogenous ion fluxes and into the mechanisms by which stem cell differentiation is integrated into functional organ/tissue systems within the organism. Most importantly, we've recently shown that a rapid, transient alteration of the physiological signals underlying morphostasis and regeneration is maintained in perpetuity! That is, worms forming 2 heads (one at each end) because of a 2-day disruption of gap junctional signals will continue to form 2 heads through subsequent months of amputation or fission in normal conditions. These data illustrate how information embedded in physiological networks can be solidified into permanent alteration of the large-scale structure bodyplan. More broadly, this work identifies a molecular glimpse of how the "target morphology" of an animal (the form towards which regeneration regulates) can be permanently reset, and reveals that a drastic change in body structure and behavior can be maintained across a complex metazoan organism's normal mode of reproduction without any change in DNA sequence.
Cancer as a problem of morphogenetic disorganization
￼
One view of cancer (distinct from the current paradigm of intrinsically "cancerous" cells resulting from specific DNA modifications) is as a problem of organization within a "society of cells". Cancer is, in some sense, a disease of geometry - a failure of cells to attend to the signals that normally organize their behavior towards the patterning needs of the host. This view is supported by classical and recent data showing that aggressive cancer cells can be normalized by regenerative and embryonic environments - context is crucial, and environments in which tight morphogenetic cues are being imposed have the ability to reverse or reboot cancer phenotypes. The converse is also true: we have found a bioelectrical property that imposes a neoplastic-like phenotype upon pigment cells in vivo. This is not surprising, given that a significant component of morphogenetic cues are ionic in nature. Remarkably however, this effect is non-local in nature - it is the transmembrane potential of other,quite distant cells that determines the metastasis-like effect. We are pursuing several lines of inquiry including 1) developing methods for tracking bioelectrical signatures of pre-tumor cells as a non-invasive diagnostic modality, 2) understanding how voltage properties of distant cells can be a cancer-triggering event in the body, and 3) learning to control transmembrane potential of key cell types to normalize existing tumors.
Left-Right Asymmetry
￼
￼
The vertebrate body plan is basically bilaterally-symmetrical; however, consistent and well-conserved asymmetries of the brain and visceral organs are superimposed upon the fundamental structure. Asymmetries in the left-right axis present a number of deep puzzles which link evolutionary biology, clinical medicine, biochemistry, embryology, cognitive science, and perhaps even quantum parity violations. Strikingly, it is now known that even single mammalian cells in culture maintain a consistent left-right axis. We are working to understand the mechanisms by which the embryo aligns the left-right axis with respect to the other two axes, and imposes this spatial information on macroscopic cell fields prior to the morphogenesis of the asymmetric organs. In contrast to popular models of asymmetry initiation by extracellular fluid flow during gastrulation, our lab studies much earlier, intracellular events that break symmetry and establish consistent asymmetry as a form of planar cell polarity, using physiological mechanisms to amplify cytoskeletal chirality across cell fields.
Gap Junctions in Pattern Formation
While asymmetrically expressed genes have been identified in several vertebrate systems, many critical questions remain about how cellular polarity is synchronized and amplified across embryonic fields to allow cells to ascertain their position with respect to the midline. We identified a dependence of asymmetric gene expression on early communication between left and right sides in the chick and frog. For example, expression of left-sided markers depends on events occurring on the right side, during very early stages, suggesting that the two sides need to coordinate their decision with respect to the L-R identity of each. One mechanism for communicating between cells and tissues involves gap junctions: multimers of connexin proteins form channels between cells and pass small molecules, subject to complex regulation by various signals. Using misexpression of Connexin proteins and their mutants to disrupt and induce long-range gap junctional paths in early chick and frog embryos, we showed that gap junctions are crucially involved in L-R patterning in early embryos of Xenopus and chick. The data suggest the presence of a unidirectional circumferential flow of small molecules through gap junctions across the whole embryonic field during blastula/early gastrula stages. Our research focuses on understanding the mechanisms upstream and downstream of specific gap junction communications (GJC) in embryos, as they relate to pattern formation and growth control, and on identifying the small molecule morphogens that traverse junctions. More broadly, we focus on gap junctions as a bioelectric patterning element that sets up domains of isopotential cell fields during morphogenesis. More recently, we have identified roles for the electrical synapses known as gap junctions in mediating bioelectric regulation of tumorigenesis, brain patterning, and neural pathfinding.
Bioelectric Aspects of Very Early Left-Right Patterning
L-R asymmetry can only be derived from gap-junctional movement of determinants that is directionally biased. In frog and chick embryos, we have identified a set of four ion transporters which reliably establish a voltage gradient along the midline. This gradient is required for normal asymmetry, and our current quantitative models suggest that it is sufficient to redistribute small molecule morphogens from left to right through the gap junctional paths. These transporters establish a battery across the midline, and in Xenopus, this occurs by the second cell cleavage. Molecular localization of ion channel/pump proteins, and direct detection of asymmetric ion flows (H+ and K+ ions) reveal that these embryos know their left from their right within about 2 hours of fertilization. What establishes the right-sided ion flow? Our latest workhas focused on the cytoskeleton, and we showed that the early protein localization machinery is consistently right-biased, allowing intracellular kinesin and dynein motors to deliver maternal ion transporter cargo to the right ventral blastomere (thus establishing the battery and electromotive force for the trans-junctional morphogen(s)). We are currently characterizing the intracellular microtubule organizing center whose chirality is likely to be the ultimate origin of asymmetry, as its orientation with the other two axes is established during fertilization. Remarkably, the role of cytoskeletal proteins in directing asymmetry is conserved even across independent origins of multicellularity, as we were able to show that the same tubulin mutations randomize asymmetry in frog, human cells, and C. elegans as do in plants.We have also pursued roles for planar cell polarity in spreading LR information across a blastoderm.
The Role of Serotonin in Embryogenesis
The importance of serotonin in neuronal function is well established. Interestingly, it also has roles in early embryogenesis, long before nerve systems appear. This is probably indicative of evolutionarily early systems of cell signaling which became co-opted by neurons when they arose. Taking advantage of the well-characterized pharmacology and genetics of many steps in the serotonin signaling pathway, we are studying how serotonin signaling is used in information exchange between cells in processes such as L-R patterning and control of timing and cell movement during gastrulation. We have shown that serotonin is utilized by both chick and frog embryos, at very early stages, as a small molecule signal which is transported in a left-right gradient and regulates the development of laterality. Indeed, we now know that the early frog embryo is literally an electrophoresis chamber, which uses voltage potentials to generate consistently biased left-right gradients in serotonin in an epigenetic process not dependent on zygotic gene expression. We have modeled this process quantitatively, and characterized novel intracellular serotonin-binding proteins which directly activate asymmetric gene expression after their rightward movement, linking an early biophysical process to transcriptional regulation via chromatin modification pathways. Serotonin is also a key mediator for bioelectric control of neuronal outgrowth from transplants
Mathematical Modeling and Physiomics
￼
￼
Molecular biology and genomics are revealing a constantly expanding amount of information about genes, their products, and the way they interact. It is notoriously difficult to control or make predictions about systems involving mutual interactions of even a few components because of feedback loops and the basic results of dynamical systems theory. Indeed, looking at a high-resolution mechanistic pathway, such as painstakingly elucidated in many recent studies, is insufficient for knowing what biological pattern this transcriptional network results in. It is essential to develop constructive, synthetic models of morphogenesis which integrate 3-dimensional shape from the function of molecular components and pathways. To fully understand the implications of information coming from genome projects and biochemical analyses of gene activities for morphogenesis, a synthesis is needed. We areattempting to use the mathematical and computer modeling tools of chaos, information, and complexity theories to understand large-scale patterning and control properties of bioelectrical mechanisms and small molecule transport among cell groups. Our main efforts along these lines are directed towards (1) development of a formalization for morphogenetic processes (bioinformatics of shape, beyond gene/protein sequence, and automated model discovery), (2) testing the hypothesis that cell behavior can be understood as the segregation and movement of cell states through a multi-dimensional state space with axes defined by bioelectrical parameters such as membrane voltage, K+ content, pH, nuclear membrane potential, etc., and (3) developing quantitative models integrating physiology and genetics of ion transporter function during early left-right asymmetry.
Computational Approaches to Pattern Formation:
￼
￼
Bioinformatics has revolutionized molecular biology, but the field still largely lacks necessary computational tools to crack the problem of pattern regulation and control. With each new functional or high-resolution genomic dataset, it becomes ever more difficult to come up with constructive models that explain how complex pattern arises, and what steps could be taken to induce the kinds of patterning changes required for regenerative medicine and the repair of birth defects. Thus, we are working towards a set of software tools that utilize the principles of machine learning and artificial intelligence to establish a bioinformatics of shape. Our goal is to understand the fundamental rules that allow complex patterns to be formed and to repair themselves after damage, and to discover models of these processes that are not merely lists of necessary gene products but algorithms that clearly reveal the regulation of shape, size, topology, and anatomical arrangement. To this end, we have produced novel formalisms for describing functional experiments and resulting anatomical outcomes, and a genetic algorithm-based platform for discovery of mechanistic models that explain complex patterning results in the published literature. This resulted in the first quantitative model of planarian regeneration explaining numerous experimental datasets, and the first regenerative model discovered by a non-human intelligence (a machine learning platform). Importantly, our goal is not only to understand specifics of real model organisms (e.g., planarian regeneration) but to uncover broad general principles useful for synthetic morphology applications - an Artificial Life perspective. Another aspect of this work is the study of computation in biological tissues (which process information in order to regulate and remodel their shape). Thus for example, we are not simply trying to make computational models to explain planarian regeneration, but rather, we see the planarian itself as a model of the kind of computation we want to understand. Additional projects include computational models of emergent signaling dynamics that explain stochastic behavior and pattern dysregulation in cancer, and the use of computational models to understand how bioelectric circuits and transcriptional machinery interact to make decisions about growth and form.

￼
"The so-called 'polarity' exhibited in the regeneration of animals has suggested the idea to a number of writers that the phenomenon might be related to, or the outcome of differences in potential in different regions; or, in other words, of electrical polarity." —T. H. Morgan, 1904
"If you would ask a chemist to find out for you what a dynamo is, the first thing he would do is to dissolve it in hydrochlorid acid. A biochemist would probably take the dynamo to pieces, describing carefully the helices of wire. Should you timidly suggest to him that what is driving the machine may be, perhaps an invisible fluid, electricity, flowing through it, he will scold you as a 'vitalist'" —Albert Szent-Györgyi
"Wonderful as are the laws and phenomena of electricity when made evident to us in inorganic or dead matter, their interest can bear scarcely any comparison with that which attaches to the same force when connected with the nervous system and with life." —Michael Faraday (1839)
"Cancer is no more a disease of cells than a traffic jam is a disease of cars. A lifetime of study of the internal-combustion engine would not help anyone understand our traffic problems." —D. W. Smithers
"Cancer is part of an inexorable process in which the organism falls behind in its ceaseless effort to maintain order." —G. Rubin
"The source of all understanding is from the left side." —The Talmud
"I am shocked not so much by the fact that the Lord prefers the left hand as by the fact that he still appears to be left-right symmetric when he expresses himself strongly." —Wolfgang Pauli (1957)
"With many calculations, one can win; with few, one cannot." —Sun Tzu, "The Art of War"
"A model is a lie that helps you see the truth." —Howard Skipper
"We have, as it were,... taken the cell to pieces. How shall we put it together again? In this second stage of our inquiry we first come to closer quarters with the problem of the physical basis of life and encounter the unsolved riddle. We try to disguise our ignorance in regard to it with learned phrases. We are forever conjuring with the word "organization" as name for that which constitutes the integrating and unifying in vital processes; but which one of us is able to translate this into intelligible language?" —E. B. Wilson (1923)
"We used to believe that if we knew one thing and then another, then we knew two, because one and one are two. We are now discovering that we must learn more about the 'and'." —Sir Arthur Eddington
"Information is information, neither energy nor matter. No materialism that fails to take account of this can survive the present day." —Norbert Weiner
"Artificial Life is the study of man-made systems that exhibit behaviors characteristic of natural living systems. It complements the traditional biological sciences concerned with the analysis of living organisms by attempting to synthesize life-like behaviors within computers and other artificial media. By extending the empirical foundation upon which biology is based beyond the carbon-chain life that has evolved on Earth, Artificial Life can contribute to theoretical biology by locating life-as-we-know-it within the larger picture of life-as-it-could-be. —Chris Langton

New Directions in Levin Lab Research
￼
Image credit: after the Flammarion woodcut, by Jeremy Guay


Conceptual
	•	quantitative enabling definitions of goal-directed activity and protocols for identifying and re-writing goals in vivo
	•	continuum of agency (independent of substrate or origin story) - the TAME framework
	•	observer-dependent models such as polycomputing
	•	applications of paradigms such as active inference, causal information, and others for the cognitive light cone model
	•	strategies for top-down control of (and communication with) cellular swarms 
	•	novel ethics frameworks for relating to diverse intelligences of unconventional composition and provenance
Computational
	•	tools for AI-enabled bioinformatics of shape
	•	software models of scaling of cognition across problem spaces
	•	predictive environments for bioelectrical modeling
	•	platforms for training pathways and inferring stimuli for GRN reprogramming
	•	simulation frameworks for understanding how the process of natural evolution designs with agential materials
	•	evolutionary models of scaling cognition, and of proto-cognitive competencies effects on evolutionary process
	•	AI for design of biological robot properties
Biological
	•	cracking the bioelectric code (mapping of voltage prepatterns to anatomical behaviors of cell groups)
	•	investigating proto-cognitive capacities of biobots, chimeras, and hybrots
	•	characterizing what cells and tissues can learn, and how that information moves throughout the body
	•	characterizing generic, novel problem-solving abilities of evolution and its products (beyond direct selection)
	•	identifying high-level triggers of morphogenetic subroutines for inducing complex regenerative outcomes

Biomedical
	•	detecting, preventing, and reprogramming cancer bioelectrically
	•	induction of limb and other organ regeneration
	•	repair of birth defects using bioeletric strategy designed by computational platforms
	•	design of stimuli for changing behaviors of transcriptional and other drug pathways in vivo

Engineering
	•	novel biorobotics made of frog skin and other types of cells
	•	new AI algorithms based on non-neural types of biological intelligence
	•	living controllers for robots in 3D and other problem spaces
Wordcloud of the evolution of our papers over the last decades

￼
￼
"The law of the least action ... is a universal principle from which all other principles naturally flow" — Pierre de Maupertuis, 1750"
"The very same forces that "member" us, that place our heart and lungs and liver in relation to one another, that "organ"ize us into a decidedly human form, are now released to re-member, and to "organize" our life of memory." —Eugene Schwartz, quoting Rudolf Steiner
"The living organism represents, or occupies, a field of force which is never simple, and which as a rule is of immense complexity." —D'Arcy Thompson (1917)
"Possibly the people who are trying to discover how to set up a computer to learn to play good chess, or bridge, are among those most likely to make a major contribution to the fundamental theory of evolution." —Conrad Waddington (1968)
 

Mind Maps
The many diverse projects in our lab are all part of one interdisciplinary effort. Mindmaps are a useful tool to help visualize the relationships between the various ideas, concepts, projects, and outcomes. Here are a few specific mindmaps that encapsulate the semantic relationships in our work: [Fig 1: This graphic presents a conceptual framework linking synthetic developmental biology and artificial/unconventional intelligence. It emphasizes the extraction of biological encodings to develop new, non-neuromorphic architectures for intelligence.
Key Components:
	1.	Concepts and Tools: Draws from interdisciplinary fields such as cell biology, physics, cognitive neuroscience, cybernetics, and computer science.
	2.	Model Systems: Uses various biological and artificial models, including frog embryos, regenerating planarians, slime molds, ants, in silico virtual worlds, biobots, cultured organoids, and hybrid organisms.
	3.	Central Framework:
	•	Synthetic Developmental Biology ("Life as it could be") explores alternative forms of life.
	•	Artificial and Unconventional Intelligence ("Mind as it could be") investigates new forms of cognition beyond traditional neuromorphic approaches.
	•	The Cycle: Biological encodings are extracted and utilized to inform both biological and artificial systems, leading to the development of novel intelligence architectures.
	4.	Research Goals and Applications:
	•	Understanding Multi-Scale Autonomy in Biology: Investigates evolvability, anatomical homeostasis, scaling of selves, and the origins of memory and goal-directed behavior.
	•	Rules of Multicellular Morphogenesis: Examines scaling control in evolution/embryogenesis, cancer reprogramming, and regenerative medicine.
	•	Synthetic Living Machines: Explores biomedical and environmental applications.
	•	New AI Platforms: Suggests applications of these insights in artificial intelligence development.
The graphic effectively bridges biological principles with artificial intelligence research, suggesting that life and intelligence can be understood, synthesized, and expanded beyond traditional paradigms.]
￼
￼
[Fig 2: This graphic presents a conceptual framework for understanding cellular collectives as proto-cognitive agents, emphasizing how biological systems exhibit intelligent behaviors at multiple scales.
Key Components:
	1.	Model Systems:
	•	Frog embryos, slime molds, virtual agents
	•	Regenerating planaria, ant colonies, synthetic living machines
	2.	Disciplines Involved:
	•	Biology: Developmental biology, evolutionary biology, biophysics
	•	Computer Science: Machine learning, swarm robotics
	•	Other Fields: Synthetic morphology, cybernetics, cognitive science
	3.	Central Concept:
	•	Cellular collectives (e.g., tissues, organisms, swarms) are treated as proto-cognitive agents, meaning they exhibit decision-making, learning, and adaptive behaviors without requiring a central nervous system.
	4.	Key Concepts:
	•	Top-down representation & multi-scale competency: Intelligence emerging across different biological levels
	•	Tissue training & scaling of collective intelligence: Learning-like processes in cellular assemblies
	•	Bioelectricity: Electrical signaling as a mechanism for distributed control
	•	Basal cognition: Intelligence at the cellular and tissue level
	•	Intelligence as navigation: Cells and tissues solving complex spatial and physiological problems
	•	Continuum of agency: Cognitive properties are not binary but exist on a spectrum
	•	Active inference: Cells and tissues predicting and adapting to their environments
	•	Stress & homeostatic setpoints: Biological systems maintaining stability through dynamic regulation
	5.	Impacts:
	•	Understanding bodyplan evolution: Insights into how organisms develop and change over time
	•	Regenerative medicine: Potential applications for birth defects, injury recovery, and cancer normalization
	•	New AI platforms & algorithms: Learning from biology to create more adaptive artificial systems
	•	Swarm robotics: Applying biological principles to decentralized robotic systems
Overall Implication:
This framework suggests that intelligence is not exclusive to brains—it is a fundamental property of living systems, arising from the interactions of cells and tissues. This perspective bridges biology, artificial intelligence, and regenerative medicine, proposing novel approaches to both understanding and engineering life and cognition.]
The development of the conceptual framework related to diverse intelligence and basal cognition can be tracked through publications as follows:
￼
[Fig 3: This image represents an intellectual roadmap connecting various publications and ideas from Michael Levin and collaborators on the emergence of intelligence, cognition, and agency across biological scales. The structure suggests a progression of concepts leading toward TAME V2.0, an advanced framework for understanding cognition and intelligence in diverse systems.
Key Themes & Concepts:
	1.	Foundational Perspectives on Biological Cognition:
	•	"On Having No Head: Cognition Throughout Biological Systems" → Discusses how cognition is not limited to organisms with nervous systems but is a property of biological systems at many levels.
	•	"The Cognitive Lens" → A conceptual toolkit for analyzing how biological systems process information during development and regeneration.
	•	"Scale-Free Biology: Integrating Evolutionary and Developmental Thinking" → Explores cognition as a fundamental principle operating across multiple biological scales.
	2.	Bioelectricity and the Boundaries of the Self:
	•	"The Computational Boundary of a ‘Self’: Developmental Bioelectricity Drives Multicellularity and Scale-Free Cognition" → Investigates how bioelectrical communication among cells establishes organismal identity and intelligence.
	•	"Technological Approach to Mind Everywhere: An Experimentally-Grounded Framework for Understanding Diverse Bodies and Minds" → Suggests that intelligence is not a trait exclusive to brains but is a scalable phenomenon found in biological and artificial systems.
	3.	Agency and Meaning in Living Systems:
	•	"How Do Living Systems Create Meaning?" → Explores whether meaning-making is an intrinsic property of living systems.
	•	"Competency in Navigating Arbitrary Spaces as an Invariant for Analyzing Cognition in Diverse Embodiments" → Proposes that intelligence can be understood through an entity’s ability to navigate complex spaces—whether physical, informational, or developmental.
	•	"Self-Improvising Memory: A Perspective on Memories as Dynamically Reinterpreting Cognitive Glue" → Introduces a new perspective on memory as a self-modifying, dynamic process rather than a static storage mechanism.
	4.	Applications to Evolution, Regeneration, and AI:
	•	"Living Things Are Not (20th Century) Machines" → Argues against outdated mechanistic models of biology, advocating for a more dynamic view inspired by modern machine behavior.
	•	"Synthetic Morphology with Agential Materials" → Explores the design of artificial lifeforms with intelligence-like properties.
	•	"Biology, Buddhism, and AI: Care as the Driver of Intelligence" → Investigates the role of care and goal-directed behavior in the emergence of intelligence.
	•	"The Multiple Realizability of Sentience in Living Systems and Beyond" → Discusses how sentience and cognition may manifest across different substrates, including artificial life.
Final Destination: TAME V2.0
The intellectual trajectory leads to TAME V2.0 (Teleonomic Agential Morphological Environments), a refined framework for studying intelligence, agency, and cognition across biological and synthetic systems. This suggests a grand unifying theory of cognition, integrating ideas from developmental biology, bioelectricity, cognitive science, and artificial intelligence.
Overall Implication:
This roadmap presents a paradigm shift—intelligence and agency are not restricted to brains but emerge from the dynamic interplay of biological and synthetic components. Understanding these principles could redefine our approach to regenerative medicine, artificial intelligence, and the fundamental nature of cognition.]
￼
￼
"The law of the least action ... is a universal principle from which all other principles naturally flow" — Pierre de Maupertuis, 1750"
"The very same forces that "member" us, that place our heart and lungs and liver in relation to one another, that "organ"ize us into a decidedly human form, are now released to re-member, and to "organize" our life of memory." —Eugene Schwartz, quoting Rudolf Steiner
"The living organism represents, or occupies, a field of force which is never simple, and which as a rule is of immense complexity." —D'Arcy Thompson (1917)
"Possibly the people who are trying to discover how to set up a computer to learn to play good chess, or bridge, are among those most likely to make a major contribution to the fundamental theory of evolution." —Conrad Waddington (1968)

SELECTED RECENT PEER-REVIEWED PAPERS:
2025
Dungan, J., Mathews, J., Levin, M., Koomson, V. (2025), A microfluidic sucrose gap device for electrical measurement of gap junction connectivity, Review of Scientific Instruments, 96 (2): 025002, doi: 10.1063/5.0224298 PDF
Zhang, Y., Hartl, B., Hazan, H., Levin, M. (2025), Diffusion Models are Evolutionary Algorithms, ICLR 2025 conference paper (peer-reviewed) PDF
Zhang, G., Levin, M. (2025), Bioelectricity is a universal multifacedsignaling cue in living organisms, Molecular Biology of the Cell , 36(2) doi: 10.1016/j.plrev.2025.01.008 PDF
Fields, C., Levin, M. (2025), Thoughts and thinkers: On the complementarity between objects and processes, Physics of Life Reviews,   doi: 10.1016/j.plrev.2025.01.008 PDF
2024
Solé, R., Conde–Pueyo, N., Pla–Mauri, J., Garcia–Ojalvo, J., Montserrat, N., Levin, M. (2024), Open problems in synthetic multicellularity, npj Systems Biology and Applications 10, 151,  doi: 10.1038/s41540-024-00477-8 PDF
Rouleau, N., Levin, M. (2024), Discussions of machine versus living intelligence need more clarity, Nature Machine Intelligence, doi:10.31219/osf.io/gz3km PDF
Levin, M.(2024), The Multiscale Wisdom of the Body: Collective Intelligence as a Tractable Interface for Next-Generation Biomedicine, BioEssays, doi:10.1002/bies.202400196 PDF
Cervera, J., Levin, M., Mafe, S. (2024), Multicellular adaptation to electrophysiological perturbations analyzed by deterministic and stochastic bioelectrical models, Scientific Reports, 27608 doi:10.1038/s41598-024-79087-7 PDF
Pai, V., Zhang, G., Levin, M. (2024), “Bioelectricity in Development, Regeneration, and Cancers” Cell Bio 2023: A Joint Meeting of the American Society of Cell Biology and European Molecular Biology Organization, Bioelectricity, 6:1 doi: 10.1089/bioe.2024.0006 PDF
Djamgoz, M.B.A., Levin, M. (2024), Potential Shortcomings of Genomic Database: The Case of Nav1.5 Expression in Breast Cancer, Bioelectricity, doi: 10.1089/bioe.2024.0033 PDF
Buckley, C.L., Lewens, T., Levin, M., Millidge, B., Tschantz, A., Watson, R.A. (2024), Natural Induction: Spontaneous Adaptive Organisation without Natural Selection, Entropy, 26, 765, doi: 10.3390/e26090765 PDF
Tolchinsky, A., Ellis, G. F. R., Levin, M., Kaňková, Š., Burgdorf, J. S (2024), Disgust as a primary emotional system and its clinical relevance, Frontiers in Psychology , 15:1454774 doi: 10.3389/fpsyg.2024.1454774 PDF
Zhang, T., Goldstein, A., Levin M. (2024), Classical sorting algorithms as a model of morphogenesis: Self-sorting arrays reveal unexpected competencies in a minimal model of basal intelligence, Adaptive Behavior, doi: 10.1177/10597123241269740 PDF
Cervera, J., Manzanares, J. A., Levin, M., Mafe, S. (2024), Oscillatory phenomena in electrophysiological networks: The coupling between cell bioelectricity and transcription, Computers in Biology and Medicine, 80 doi: 10.1016/j.compbiomed.2024.108964 PDF
Monzel, A. S., Levin, M., Picard, M.(2024), The energetics of cellular life transitions, Life Metabolism, 3(3) doi:10.1093/lifemeta/load051 PDF
Kagan, B. J., Mahlis, M., Bhat, A., Bongard, J., Cole, V. M., Corlett, P., Gyngell, C., Hartung, T., Jupp, B., Levin, M., Lysaght, T., Opie, N., Razi, A., Smirnova, L., Tennant, Ian, Wade, P. T., Wang, G.,(2024), Toward a nomenclature consensus for diverse intelligent systems: Call for collaboration, The Innovation, 5(9) doi:10.1016/j.xinn.2024.100658 PDF
Shreesha, L., Levin, M. (2024), Stress Sharing as Cognitive Glue for Collective Intelligences: a computational model of stress as a coordinator for morphogenesis, Biochemical and Biophysical Reasearch Communications, 731, doi:10.1016/j.bbrc.2024.150396 PDF
Hartl, B., Risi, S., Levin, M. (2024), Evolutionary Implications of Self-Assembling Cybernetic Materials with Collective Problem-Solving Intelligence at Multiple Scales, Entropy, 26(7), 532; doi:10.3390/e26070532 PDF
Yang, B., Nasab, A. M., Woodman, S.J., Thomas, E., Tilton, L.G., Levin, M., Kramer-Bottiglio, R. (2024), Self-Amputating and Interfusing Machines, Advanced Materials, 2400241; doi:10.1002/adma.202400241 PDF
Levin, M.(2024), Self-Improvising Memory: A Perspective on Memories as Agential, Dynamically Reinterpreting Cognitive Glue, Entropy, 26(6), 481; doi:10.3390/e26060481 PDF
Asefifeyzabadi, N., Nguyen, T., Li, H., Zhu, K., Yang , H., Baniya, P., PhD, Lopez, A. M., Gallegos, A., Hsieh, H. Dechiraju, H., Hernandez, C., Schorger, K., Recendez, C., Tebyani, M., Selberg, J., Luo, L., Muzzy, E., Hsieh, C., Barbee, A., Orozco, J., Alhamo, M.A., Levin, M., Aslankoohi, E., Gomez, M., Zhao, M., Teodorescu, M., Isseroff, R. R., Rolandi, M. (2024), A pro-reparative bioelectronic device for controlled delivery of ions and biomolecules, Wound Rep Reg, 1-11 doi:10.1111/wrr.13191 PDF
McMillen, P., Levin, M. (2024), Collective intelligence: A unifying concept for integrating biology across scales and substrates, Communications Biology 7(378) doi:10.1038/s42003-024-06037-4 PDF
￼
Noble, P. A., Pozhitkov, A., Singh, K., Woods, E., Liu, C., Levin, M., Javan, G., Wan, J., Abouhashem, A. S., Mathew-Steiner, S. S., Sen, C. K. (2024), Unraveling the Enigma of Organismal Death: Insights, Implications, and Unexplored Frontiers, ACS Physiology, doi:10.1152/physiol.00004.2024
PDF
Fields, C., and Levin, M. (2024), Snakes and ladders in the evolution of language, Physics of Life Reviews, doi:10.1016/j.plrev.2024.04.007 PDF
Pio-Lopez, L., Levin, M. (2024), Aging as a loss of morphostatic information: a developmental bioelectricity perspective, Ageing Research Reviews, 97:102310 PDF
Balasubramanian, S., Weston, D., Levin, M., Davidian, D. C. C. (2024), Electroceuticals: emerging applications beyond the nervous system and excitable tissues, Trends Pharmacol Sci, 2109 PDF
Li, H., Yang, H.-Y., Asefifeyzabadi, N., Baniya, P., Medina Lopez, A., Gallegos, A., Zhu, K., Hsieh, H.-C., Nguyen, T., Hernandez, C., Zlobina, K., Recendez, C., Tebyani, M., Carrión, H., Selberg, J., Luo, L., Alhamo, M. A., Soulika, A. M., Levin, M., Norouzi, N., Gomez, M., Zhao, M., Teodorescu, M., Isseroff, R. R., Rolandi, M. (2024), Programmable delivery of fluoxetine via wearable bioelectronics for wound healing in vivo, Advanced Materials Technologies, 9(7) 2301115 PDF
￼
Balasubramanian, S., Weston, D., Levin, M., Davidian, D. C. C. (2024),  Charging Ahead: Examining the future therapeutic potential of electroceuticals, Advanced Therapeutics, 23003344 doi:10.1002/adtp.202300344
PDF
Fields, C., Glazebrook, J. F., and Levin, M. (2024), Principled Limitations on Self-Representation for Generic Physical Systems, Entropy, 26(3): 194 PDF
Etcheverry, M., Moulin-Frier, C., Oudeyer, P.-Y, and Levin, M. (2024), AI-driven Automated Discovery Tools Reveal Diverse Behavioral Competencies of Biological Networks, eLife, 13: RP92683 PDF
Tung, A., Sperry, M., Clawson, W., Pavuluri, A., Bulatao, S., Yue, M., Flores, R. M., Pai, V. McMillen, P., Kuchling, F., and Levin, M. (2024), Embryos assist morphogenesis of others through calcium and ATP signaling mechanisms in collective teratogen resistance, Nature Communications, 15(1): 535 PDF
￼
O’Brien, T., Stremmel, J., Pio-Lopez, L., McMillen, P., Rasmussen-Ivey, C., and Levin, M. (2024), Machine Learning for Hypothesis Generation in Biology and Medicine: Exploring the latent space of neuroscience and developmental bioelectricity, Digital Discovery, 3(2): 249-263
PDF
McMillen, P., and Levin, M. (2024), Optical Estimation of Bioelectric Patterns in Living Embryos, in M. Bizzarri (ed.), Systems Biology: Methods in Molecular Biology, 2745: 91-102, doi:10.1007/978-1-0716-3577-3_6 PDF
Seifert, G., Sealander, A., Marzen, S., and Levin, M. (2024), From reinforcement learning to agency: Frameworks for understanding basal cognition, BioSystems, 235(1): 105107 PDF
2023
Ciaunica, A., Levin, M., Rosas, F. E., and Friston, K. (2023), Nested Selves: Self-Organization and Shared Markov Blankets in Prenatal Development in Humans, Topics in Cognitive Science, in press, doi:10.1111/tops.12717 PDF
￼
Gumuskaya, G., Srivastava, P., Cooper, B. G., Lesser, H., Semegran, B., Garnier, S., and Levin, M. (2023), Motile Living Biobots Self-Construct from Adult Human Somatic Progenitor Seed Cells, Advanced Science, doi:10.1002/advs.202303575
PDF
Manicka, S., Pai, V. P, and Levin, M. (2023), Information integration during bioelectric regulation of morphogenesis of the embryonic frog brain, iScience, 26(12): 108398 PDF
Rouleau, N., and Levin, M. (2023), The Multiple Realizability of Sentience in Living Systems and Beyond, eNeuro, 10(11), doi:10.1523/eneuro.0375-23.2023 PDF
Blattner, M., and Levin, M. (2023) Long Range Communication via Gap Junctions and Stress in Planarian Morphogenesis: A Computational Study, Bioelectricity, 5(3): 196-209 PDF
Mathews, J., and Levin, M. (2023) Cancer’s unique bioelectric properties: from cells to body-wide networks, Comment on: “The distinguishing electrical properties of cancer cells” by Elisabetta Di Gregorio, Simone Israel, Michael Staelens, Gabriella Tankel, Karthik Shankar, and Jack A. Tuszynski, Physics of Life Reviews, 47: 113-115 PDF
Dungan, J., Mathews, J., Levin, M., and Koomson, V. (2023), Optimization of Oligomer Stamping Technique for Normally Closed Elastomeric Valves on Glass Substrate, Micromachines, 14(9): 1659 PDF
Levin, M. (2023), Collective Intelligence of Morphogenesis as a Teleonomic Process, in Corning, P. A., Kauffman, S. A., Noble, D., Shapiro, J. A., Vane-Wright, R. I. Pross, A. (Eds.), Evolution "On Purpose": Teleonomy in Living Systems, The MIT Press: Cambridge, MA, 175-197 PDF
￼
Clawson, W. P., and Levin, M. (2023), Endless forms most beautiful 2.0: teleonomy and the bioengineering of chimaeric and synthetic organisms, Biological Journal of the Linnean Society, 139(4): 457-486
PDF
Grodstein, J., McMillen, P., and Levin, M. (2023), Closing the Loop on Morphogenesis: A Mathematical Model of Morphogenesis by Closed-Loop Reaction-Diffusion, Frontiers in Cell and Developmental Biology, 11: 1087650 PDF
Cervera, J., Levin, M., and Mafé, S. (2023), Correcting instructive electric potential patterns in multicellular systems: External actions and endogenous processes, Biochimica et Biophysica Acta (BBA) - General Subjects, 1867(10): 130440 PDF
Welch, P., Grasso, C., Gumuskaya, G., Levin, M., and Bongard, J. (2023), Searching in the Dark: Evolving Biobot Swarm Compositions to Efficiently Explore Obstructed Environments, Proceedings of ALIFE 2023: Ghost in the Machine, article 70, doi:10.1162/isal_a_00683 PDF
￼
Lagasse, E., and Levin, M. (2023), Future Medicine: from molecular pathways to the collective intelligence of the body, Trends in Molecular Medicine, 29(9): 687-710
PDF
Rouleau, N., and Levin, M. (2023), Multiple ways to implement and infer sentience: Commentary on Segundo-Ortiz & Calvo on Plant Sentience, Animal Sentience, 8(33): 30 PDF
Masuelli, S., Real, S., McMillen, P., Oudin, M., Levin, M., and Roqué, M. (2023), The Yin and Yang of Breast Cancer: Ion Channels as Determinants of Left-Right Functional Differences, International Journal of Molecular Sciences, 24(13): 11121 PDF
Witkowski, O., Doctor, T., Solomonova, E., Duane, B., and Levin, M. (2023), Towards an Ethics of Autopoietic Technology: Stress, Care, and Intelligence, Biosystems, 231: 104964 PDF
Cervera, J., Levin, M., and Mafé, S. (2023), Bioelectricidad en agregados multicelulares de células no excitables: modelos biofísicos, Revista Española de Física, 37(2): 24-29
Ciaunica, A., Shmeleva, E. V., and Levin, M. (2023), The Brain is not Mental! Coupling Neuronal and Immune Cellular Processing in Human Organisms, Frontiers in Integrative Neuroscience, 17: 1057622 PDF
Fields, C., and Levin, M. (2023), Regulative development as a model for origin of life and artificial life studies, Biosystems, 229: 104927 PDF
Watson, R., and Levin, M. (2023), The collective intelligence of evolution and development, Collective Intelligence, 2(2), doi:10.1177/26339137231168355 PDF
Levin, M. (2023), Bioelectric networks: the cognitive glue enabling evolutionary scaling from physiology to mind, Animal Cognition, doi:10.1007/s10071-023-01780-3  PDF
Fields, C., Fabrocini, F., Friston, K., Glazebrook, J. F., Hazan, H., Levin, M., and Marcianò, A. (2023), Control flow in active inference systems Part II: Tensor networks as general models of control flow, IEEE Transactions on Molecular, Biological, and Multi-Scale Communications, doi:10.1109/TMBMC.2023.3272158  PDF
Fields, C., Fabrocini, F., Friston, K., Glazebrook, J. F., Hazan, H., Levin, M., and Marcianò, A. (2023), Control flow in active inference systems Part I: Classical and quantum formulations of active inference, IEEE Transactions on Molecular, Biological, and Multi-Scale Communications, doi:10.1109/TMBMC.2023.3272150  PDF
Levin, M. (2023), Darwin’s agential materials: evolutionary implications of multiscale competency in developmental biology, Cellular and Molecular Life Sciences, 80: 142  PDF
Pio-Lopez, L., and Levin, M. (2023), Morphoceuticals: Perspectives for discovery of drugs targeting anatomical control mechanisms in regenerative medicine, cancer and aging, Drug Discovery Today, 28(6): 103585  PDF
Mathews, J., Chang, J., Devlin, L., and Levin, M. (2023), Cellular Signaling Pathways as Plastic, Proto-cognitive Systems: Implications for Biomedicine, Patterns, 4: 100737 PDF
Blackiston, D., Kriegman, S., Bongard, J., and Levin, M. (2023), Biological Robots: Perspectives on an Emerging Interdisciplinary Field, Soft Robotics, 10(4): 694-686 PDF
￼
Pio-Lopez, L., Bischof, J., LaPalme, J. V., and Levin, M. (2023), The scaling of goals via homeostasis: an evolutionary simulation, experiment and analysis, Interface Focus, 13(3): 20220072
PDF
Manicka, S., Johnson, K., Levin, M., and Murrugarra, D. (2023), The nonlinearity of regulation in biological networks, npj Systems Biology and Applications, 9(1): 10 PDF
Bongard, J., and Levin, M. (2023), There’s Plenty of Room Right Here: Biological Systems as Evolved, Overloaded, Multi-Scale Machines, Biomimetics, 8(1): 110 PDF
Davies, J., and Levin, M. (2023), Synthetic morphology with agential materials, Nature Reviews Bioengineering, 1(1): 46-59 PDF
Shreesha, L., and Levin, M. (2023), Cellular Competency during Development Alters Evolutionary Dynamics in an Artificial Embryogeny Model, Entropy, 25(1): 131  PDF
Cervera, J., Levin, M., and Mafe, S. (2023), Bioelectricity of non-excitable cells and multicellular pattern memories: Biophysical modeling, Physics Reports, 1004: 1-31, doi:10.1016/j.physrep.2022.12.003 PDF
Biswas, S., Clawson, W., and Levin. M. (2023), Learning in Transcriptional Network Models: Computational Discovery of Pathway-level Memory and Effective Interventions, International Journal of Molecular Sciences, 24(1): 285 PDF

Popular Press
	•	Seeking clarity rather than strong opinions on intelligence (Nature Machine Intelligence | Dec. 18, 2024)
	•	Creativity in the Age of Artificiality(artificiality | Jun. 29, 2024)
	•	New intelligence model could upend biology, genetics, medicine and AI (New Atlas | Jun. 25, 2024)
	•	From Code to Creature (The Scientist | Jun. 14, 2024)
	•	Brains Are Not Required When It Comes to Thinking and Solving Problems--Simple Cells Can Do It (Scientific American | Feb. 1, 2024)
	•	MicroMachines: Advances In Biorobotic Regenerative Medicine (Forbes | Dec. 22, 2023)
	•	8 Stunning New Images From Neuroscience(The New York Times | Dec. 22, 2023)
	•	Tiny ‘Robots’ Made From Human Cells Show Wound-Healing Potential (Smithsonian Magazine | Dec. 15, 2023)
	•	Anthrobots: Revolutionizing Regenerative Medicine with Tracheal Cell-Based Biobots(Medium · AI Agenda | Dec. 8, 2023)
	•	Robots Made from Human Cells Can Move on Their Own and Heal Wounds (Scientific American | Dec. 1, 2023)
	•	These tiny biological robots are made from human cells (Reuters | Nov. 30, 2023)
	•	Tiny living robots made from human cells surprise scientists (CNN | Nov. 30, 2023)
	•	Meet ‘anthrobots,’ tiny bio-machines built from human tracheal cells (Popular Science | Nov. 30, 2023)
	•	Tiny robots made from human cells heal damaged tissue (Nature | Nov. 30, 2023)
	•	Tiny ‘anthrobots’ built from human cells could help heal the body (Science | Nov. 30, 2023)
	•	Synthetic Morphology Lets Scientists Create New Life-Forms (Scientific American | May 1, 2023)
	•	These Researchers Used A.I. to Design a Completely New 'Animal Robot' (Scientific American | Mar. 6, 2023)
	•	How Xenobots reshape our understanding of genetics (Aeon Essays, Aug. 30, 2022)
	•	A new device helps frogs regrow working legs after an amputation -- The treatment spurred limb growth over 18 months(Science News, Jan. 31, 2022)
	•	Researchers are getting better at regenerating lab animals' limbs. They might regrow human body parts in your lifetime.(Business Insider, Jan. 29, 2022)
	•	Five-Drug Cocktail and Wearable Bioreactor Enable Regrowth of Amputated Adult Frog Leg (Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News, Jan. 27, 2022)
	•	Frogs can regrow amputated limbs after being treated with mix of drugs, new research finds (CNN, Jan. 26, 2022)
	•	Frogs Without Legs Regrow Leglike Limbs in New Experiment (The New York Times, Jan. 26, 2022)
	•	Frogs Regrow Missing Limbs in Lab Study, Advancing Key Effort of Regenerative Medicine (The Wall Street Journal, Jan. 26, 2022)
	•	Scientists Create 'Living Machines' With Algorithms, Frog Cells (Bloomberg Businessweek, Dec. 16, 2021)
	•	[VIDEO] Study: "Living robots" made of frog cells found way to reproduce (CNBC News, Dec. 2, 2021)
	•	Living robots made in a lab have found a new way to self-replicate (National Public Radio Science, Dec. 1, 2021)
	•	AI Just Designed The World's First Living Robot That Can Make Babies (Forbes Magazine, Nov. 29, 2021)
	•	Living robots made from frog cells can replicate themselves in a dish (New Scientist, Nov. 29, 2021)
	•	Flatworms are Metal (The Atlantic, Oct. 8, 2021)
	•	Intelligent Beings Without Brains Are Abundant In Nature-A Growing Scientific Consensus (Forbes Magazine, Jul. 20, 2021)
	•	Scientists Observed a Brainless Blob Thinking and Making Decisions (VICE, Jul. 15, 2021)
	•	Persuading the Body to Regenerate Its Limbs (The New Yorker, May 3, 2021)
	•	Living robots made from frog skin cells can sense their environment (New Scientist, Mar. 31, 2021)
	•	Cells Form Into 'Xenobots' on Their Own(Quanta Magazine, Mar. 31, 2021)
	•	The World's First Programmable Organism: Xenobots may change how we think about intelligence (Pioneer Works, Mar. 11, 2021)
	•	The Link Between Bioelectricity and Consciousness (Nautilus, Mar. 10, 2021)
	•	[VIDEO] Secret Mind of Slime (PBS NOVA,Sep. 15, 2020)
	•	Dr. Frankenstein siglo XXI: crea robots con partes de rana y quiere frenar el cáncer con bioelectricidad (Clarín, Sep. 15, 2020)
	•	Meet the Xenobots, Virtual Creatures Brought to Life (The New York Times, Apr. 3, 2020) [ pdf ]
	•	These tiny living robots could help science eavesdrop on cellular gossip (Popular Science, Jan. 17, 2020)
	•	Living Robots, Designed By Computer(Science Friday, Jan. 17, 2020)
	•	A research team builds robots from living cells (The Economist, Jan. 16, 2020)
	•	World's First "Living Machine" Created Using Frog Cells and Artificial Intelligence(Scientific American, Jan. 15, 2020)
	•	Researchers create robots made of living animal cells (Cosmos, Jan. 14, 2020)
	•	These "xenobots" are living machines designed by an evolutionary algorithm (MIT Technology Review, Jan 14, 2020)
	•	Algorithm Designs Robots Using Frog Cells(The Scientist, Jan. 13, 2020)
	•	Scientists Assemble Frog Stem Cells Into First 'Living Machines' (Smithsonian Magazine, Jan. 13, 2020)
	•	Meet Xenobot, an Eerie New Kind of Programmable Organism (WIRED, Jan. 13, 2020)
	•	Xenobot (on Wikipedia)
	•	Mike Levin on electrifying insights into how bodies form (Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University, Jul. 26, 2019)
	•	Inspiring New Machine Learning Platforms with Bioelectric Computation with Michael Levin (TWiML & AI, Jul. 15, 2019)
	•	Scientists unlock new role for nervous system in regeneration (Phys.org, Apr. 25, 2019)
	•	A Step Toward Regenerating Amputated Limbs (Alliance of Advanced BioMedical Engineering, Jan. 22, 2019)
	•	Frogs Have a Bioelectric Mirror (Featured as "Editor's Choice in Neuroscience" in The Scientist, Jan. 1, 2019)
	•	Cross-body communication is electric in the froglet (Nature, Dec. 5, 2018)
	•	Scientists Got Adult Frogs to Regrow Limbs. It's a Step Toward Human 'Regeneration' (Discover Magazine, Nov. 6, 2018)
	•	A Progesterone-Pumping Device Helps Frogs Regenerate Lost Limbs (PBS NOVA, Nov. 6, 2018)
	•	Controlling electric signals in the body could help it heal (Knowable Magazine, Aug. 10, 2018)
	•	Bioelectricity's Potential (PBS NOVA, Jun. 13, 2018)
	•	Space Worms: Unexpected Pioneers of Discovery & Commercial Services (Upward: Magazine of the ISS National Lab, June 2018)
	•	Brainless Embryos Suggest Bioelectricity Guides Growth (Quanta Magazine, Mar. 13, 2018)
	•	The Spark of Life (BioTechniques, Jan. 24, 2018)
	•	He makes tadpoles with eyes on their tails. Could that one day help solve birth defects in humans? (STAT, Jan. 2, 2018)
	•	There's Healing Power in the Secret Electrical Language of Our Cells (Singularity Hub, Dec. 27, 2017)
	•	Biotech experts' top five trends in 2017 (ResearchGate News, Dec. 22, 2017)
	•	From day one, a frog's developing brain is calling the shots (Science News, Sep. 25, 2017)
	•	Space Worms Have Scientists Seeing Double (Heads) (CASIS, Jul. 15, 2017)
	•	Supercomputers Use Machine Learning to Gain New Insights into Complex Cellular Processes (Research & Development, Jun. 26, 2017)
	•	Space Life Could Give You An Extra Head (If You're A Flatworm) (Science Friday, Jun. 16, 2017)
	•	Un ver revient de l'espace avec deux têtes[Realites Biomedicales (blog de LeMonde.fr), Jun. 15, 2017]
	•	What Space-Faring Flatworms Can Teach Us About Human Health (Smithsonian.com, Jun. 13, 2017)
	•	Space oddity: Flatworm sent into orbit returns to Earth with an extra head (Digital Trends, Jun. 12, 2017)
	•	Tweaking the Tiny Electrical Charges Inside Cells Can Fight Infection (Smithsonian.com, May 26, 2017)
	•	Bioelectricity new weapon to fight dangerous infection (Medical Xpress, May 26, 2017)
	•	Bioelectric hacking creates two-headed flatworms (Cosmos, May 24, 2017)
	•	Researchers reveal bioelectric patterns guiding worms' regenerative body plan after injury (Phys.org, May 23, 2017)
	•	Bioelectric tweak makes flatworms grow a head instead of a tail (New Scientist, May 23, 2017)
	•	Nothing is Impossible (Biophysical Society, May 23, 2017)
	•	Heads or Tails (BioTechniques, Apr. 26, 2017)
	•	Blind tadpoles learn to see using eyeballs attached to their butts (PopularScience.com, Mar. 31, 2017)
	•	Eyes grafted into tadpole tails may see(Nature.com, Mar. 31, 2017)
	•	Tadpoles learn to see with new eyes transplanted on their tails (New Scientist, Mar. 30, 2017)
	•	How Life Turns Asymmetric (Quanta Magazine, Jan. 31, 2017)
	•	Artificial Intelligence Uncovers New Insight Into Biophysics of Cancer (Communications of the ACM, Jan. 27, 2017)
	•	Grow with the flow: How electricity kicks life into shape (New Scientist, Jan. 4, 2017)
	•	NASA mission brief: flatworms on the International Space Station (NASA, Nov. 22, 2016)
	•	Physarum paper covered by Annals of Improbable Research (Improbable Research, Aug. 19, 2016)
	•	Automated Experiments on Worms Help Understand Human Mind (Research & Development, Jul. 15, 2016)
	•	Replicating Life in Code (PBS NOVA, Jul. 6, 2016)
	•	Young Frankenstein's mission: The belief that a jolt of electricity can regenerate limbs (Cosmos, June 15, 2016)
	•	Battling cancer with light (Reuters, Apr. 26, 2016)
	•	Paul G. Allen announces $100 million to launch the Paul G. Allen Frontiers Group(March 23, 2016)
	•	The Paul G. Allen Frontiers Group Announces Allen Discovery Center at Tufts University (March 2016)
	•	Cancer stopped in frogs by hacking cells' bioelectricity (New Scientist, Mar. 16, 2016)
	•	Tufts scientists make worms' heads turn(Boston Globe, Nov. 26, 2015)
	•	Scientists tweak worms to give them the brains of another species, without changing their genomes (Washington Post, Nov. 26, 2015)
	•	Scientists Have Made Worms With Heads Resembling Other Species (Popular Science, Nov. 25, 2015)
