48
[May 8, 2025]

So… here’s something that shaped…shapes, my worldview. Early onset Alzheimer’s runs in my family. You know the deal, genetic. If your parent has it, you’ve got a 50/50 chance. If they don’t, you’re no more likely than the general population to get some other kind of dementia. And it’s weirdly like clockwork, in most families, it clicks in at a very specific age. In my family, it’s 48. One great aunt didn’t get diagnosed until 50, but I suspect she had some other developmental issues that may have made the symptoms less obvious. Of my grandfather’s generation, all three got it. I spent a summer taking care of my grampa when I was 12, so I’ve seen it up close and personal, I know how bad it can be and how sadly unself-aware it can be, and when we final put grampa in a nursing home, they said they’d never see anyone keep them home so long. He died at 59 or 60, when I was 18. I finally let go of the idea of god at his funeral. Not out of spite or anything, I’d been dismantling my religious views for a couple years by then, and I’d plucked away one strand at a time…personal god, obviously that’s not a thing [cf: that egg], hell… what kind of monster god makes a place like that? None I’d worship. But the idea of life coming to an end, that was hard to let go of. But, tuning out from the eulogy, thinking… doing what I do, I saw it: Life span is just how big you are in time. That’s the space you take up. Why fuss over how big or how small you happen to be? Pluck. Last string. But it’s one thing to say that and another to be looking down the barrel of genetic clockwork. My parents were sixteen when I was born. It would be a while before she was 48. And I don’t think they had a test yet. Plus my mom wouldn’t want to take a test and if I tested positive, I’m not sure I could keep it from her. She had three brothers and a sister, all born within about seven years. Most of my life, I expected to see my uncles, aunt, mom, go down like dominoes all at once. It’s affected the way I live my life. Only ever taken jobs I wanted, never saved, spent a good amount of time engaged in risk-taking behavior. Realized most risks aren’t really that risky. When I was a teenager I said I’d like to get married and think about having kids by the time I’m 30… pushed it back to 40, 45. You get older, more confident, learn to deal with people, decide the risks that are worth it, learn how to learn about things nobody teaches you… and all the while, getting closer to 48. And we all get forgetful as we age—is it a sign? Meh, who cares? It’s a chance for the rest of the family to say “Uh oh.! Starting early in this one.!” Uncle Dave… 48, 49… 50. He’s good. …right on his heels, mom, she gets a little scatterbrained these days, she’s up next… 49, 50, 51… but great aunt Kate was 53, so… 52, 53, 54… I think I’m… 55, 56, 57… she doesn’t have it. So I don’t have it. Well, fuck. What have I been doing with my life?? What do I want to do with it? I’m 41… uhhh… then comes Doug… … … nothing. He’s fine. Uncle Chris… the millionaire gets let go from his job. Grandma goes down to see him, and she watched her father in law and brother in law and I don’t know how many in grampa’s family go down. So she pays him a visit. And her verdict is that it’s starting. They move him back home to Ohio, where he lives with her for a couple years, then. Bam. Pulmonary. Well, damnit. Good for Chris! Mom says they all thought we’d have to turn gradma’s house into the McKnight Family Home for the Terminally… How’d That Go Again. Last, is Sue….. and Sue is fine. Doug, whom I see in the mirror every day when I have a beard, passed away last year with some kind of brain tumor. Got diagnosed when he randomly started collapsing. Refused treatment. “I’m in my 60s, well past my expiration date. After 48 it’s all icing.” I turned 49 in November. I’m my grampa’s age lol. How’d that happen? Moreover, what am I going to do with my life? Still haven’t figured that out. Hope I never do.