


Ab initio is a Latin term that means "from the beginning” or “from inception.” Ab initio is used to indicate that some fact existed from the start of a relevant time period. It is often used as part of the phrase “void ab initio,” meaning something (such as a marriage) was void from the beginning.


Void means having no legal effect from the start. Thus, a void contract is invalid from the start of its purported closing. Note: having no legal effect, it does not change the legal relationship between the parties involved.


Voidable means a contract is valid unless rejected by a party with the legally protected option of doing so. Thus, state law may allow minors to either affirm or reject any promises made in a contract by calling such contracts voidable. See e.g: New York State DFS - Service Contracts with Minors; 2023 New York Laws - ISC - Insurance - Article 79 - Service Contracts - 7909 - Termination of Service Contract Reimbursement Insurance Policy.




> A structurally flawed CPO is *voidable*.
> A structurally flawed trial waiver is *void ab initio*. 

This does not mean that no CPO can be ordered, it simply means that the defendant's right to demad a trial based on the evidence remains in tact. 




CPO: (likely) Voidable
If a CPO is voidable (as opposed to *void*), then it is a contract between the protected party and the defendant, then the protected party may have a legally protected option of enforcing it. A CPO ventered into voluntarily would be voidable. A CPO entered into by one or both parties without knowing and informed consent would be void. This would not prevent the protected party from seeking to enforce the CPO, but it would mean that she would have to go through the proper channels to do so. Just as any contract governs an exchange of goods, services, or other promised behavior does not, by virtue of structural flaw entitle the signers to recieve the benefits of the contract without exchanging the agreed upon goods, a CPO entered into on the agreement that one party will surrender a degree of freedom in exchange for relief from charges being tested at trial, those terms still apply. That is, the right to CPO protection, which ordinarily comes in exchange for the responsibility to prove its necessity in court--if found to be voidable, due to alternate conditions being agreed upon in a structurally flawed way--simply means that the alternate arrangements are no longer enforceable. That is the exchange that is invalid is not the CPO itself, but the alternate CPO arrangements. Specifically, the defendant agreed to accept dropped charges in exchange for agreement to waive of trial rights and sign a CPO. The waiver of trial rights is the condition that was accepted upon flawed premises, and thus, the defendant retains his right to assert the original "contitions" that the law allows: The CPO is legaly enforceable in exchange for granting the defendant his right to a public hearing and accepts the responsibility to defend himself in open court against the original charges. 

Therefore, the defendant respectfully requests that the court allow him to defend against the original charges, on the original evidence, in an independant court of law, free from the structural issues demonstrated here. This is consistent with the defendant's stance that the fundamental right he has been repeatedly denied is the right to defend himself . Through exclusion from key proceedings, and ultimately through denying him the decision to stand trial or accept the original plea deal. 


TRIAL WAIVER: Void ab initio November 3, 2022
WHY: [Structural flaws]
THUS: The 