It's been raining here for two weeks. | gaze out of my 14" floor apartment window at the Chicago
sky, dark as a Leonard Cohen song. I guess the apartment is starting to stink. I haven't done laundry
in over a month, and filthy clothes are strewn about the place. I haven't really noticed any smell yet—
I quit bathing last Tuesday—but the pizza delivery boy nearly passed out yesterday when I opened my
door. | think unholy things are growing in the sink, but I don't go near the kitchenette anymore. The
garbage in there completely covers the floor and is pushing its way out onto the living room carpet.
The tiny bedroom has been closed off for months, making me think of a Julio Cortazar story, “House
Taken Over.” I try to remember how this apartment looked when we first moved in, when Allie was

still with me. I can't.
She left because of the housecoat. It was blue and tattered when we moved here, now it’s little
more than a threadbare sheet with sleeves that | wrap around my nakedness.

“My god Michael, when are you going to throw out that fucking housecoat?” she asked me one

fateful Wednesday afternoon. There would be no sweet loving that hump day.

I shrugged and turned back to my computer screen, hovering over the keyboard and rubbing the
corners of my lips. She picked up the remote control and muted the television, 1 had ceased paying
attention to it hours ago, but now that the sound was missing, I noticed it. I swiveled my chair and
frowned at her. “What.” It wasn’t a question. I knew she was mad about something, and this four-

letter interrogative was my way of telling her that she had my attention. It was raining that day, I
believe, A secret lake had filled up between us, and the dam broke. ze 4

She huffed and took a bottle of beer from the refrigerator, There were cute teddy bear magnets a
fat letter magnets on the door, the kind you spelled out elementary words with when septa
Now some of the letter magnets remain, currently spelling out “fuct this riter dog. nis apa
