5 intere “Yes
and snatched up his intercom.

es, Lhave him right

r down. Hatred smo
“That was the director

hurried behind his desk
sir, yes, yes, mm-hmm Yi
“Toby set the receive
han aA canna awn his attention I had hoped
i “We've dra 84
papeewry i to this, had prayed this little situation
out moving to 4 higher level. But

here. Yes, sit
idered in his
of the

it would n
could be remedied with
such is not the case.”
Mr, Hobble shook his head ‘i
: c: ee you, Tim.
“The director wishes to see you, ;
r * 0 ge eyes Vi
Sweat squeezed from T imothy’s brow. His eyes mo ed

sideways and up. He grimaced, smiled, frowned, and pouted

simultancously. He expressed a year of emotion. He would
have begged for another chance had he a voice with which to
speak. He would have groveled at their feet had he been
capable of physical movement. But as it was he could do

nothing except remain perfectly still and hope this was just

and extension of his dreaming.

Mr. Toby and Mr. Hobble escorted him into the director's

office
The director gave no indication of recognizing their

presence. He kept his eyes focused on a single yellow light
bulb burning on his desk. One could tell he was highly
agitated or maybe the furrowed brow, flared nostrils and
deep frown were part his natural expression. His fingers
flittered near his mouth and pinched his nose repeatedly.

“This is him, huh?” He spoke, still focused intently on
the light bulb. “I saw the flickers, yes, I saw them, both of
them. Two flickers in one day, within two hours of one
another! Contemptible. I thought my heart would stop. Oh,
and it did stop on that second flicker. Thought you could get
away with it I imagine. Thought you'd just Iet the lights go
out. What a low, sneaky, contemptible littke man you are.
We've already got someone to replace you. That was easy.
ea a eee
welch Set away with it. No one gets
away with inharmonious behavior. No one!

“Now, out with you. Throw him e
, you. out! He'll nev
ina complex again!” pat

With a kick in the butt, Ti
» Timothy was booted out
— doors of the complex, out into the Open air, out ~
- a out of a way of life, Nothing was left to him Th ;
mplex had housed him, fed him, washed his feet and is
us fingernails clean. Now he was alone. oe

He turned and looked awhi

hile at th ildi i
him. He gazed fearfully at the clear pelea pibiad
the organic world, Ovi Reotiiated by

He walked away. Hours passed.

He walked and walked, away from the complex, hj
sweet home. He walked until his feet began t0 ache 8 dear
Then, he stopped and sat. ht

He was free to let his feelings go now. First he cried
was needed, the release. He cried and cried. Then, he : That
Then he cried some more. Finally, he slept, laughed

The night washed over him. The stars lit of themsey
There were no buttons to push nor cranks to cial: Ves.
world revolved on it’s own as a velvet haze of datkne
slipped around him. He dreamt. ss

He dreamt people and places and wheels and color
things moving at odd angles. He dreamt death and sted and
voices, laughing, whispering, singing. Touches ie ‘eae
and kisses on his neck, his name floating on the breeze .
was a flag flickering in yellow light, and bodies marching and
dancing. He fell and he flew. He sprouted wings from his
back and talons from his feet, shed his glasses and his clothin
and was a golden body floating in the night sky. iB

He rolled over and a blade of grass stung his cheek, jerking
him awake.

Lasting cerebral distortions induced by too much stress
and too little nourishment, he thought.

He sat up. It was still dark.

A rustle of leaves came from a clump of trees to his left.
“Who’s there? Who’s there?” Timothy whimpered,
“Come on!” a voice thundered, “He’s over here.”

A tall figure stepped out from the trees and into the
starlit clearing where Timothy had slept. He was broad
shouldered and dressed in close fitting black. Another figure
stepped from behind him, very small, his head coming to
Just about the big man’s knee. Then another figure emerged
from the darkness. This last one Timothy gazed upon with
his breath held. Her skin was pearl white, her hair blue
black. Her face was a soft oriental oval. Her lips smiled
without parting,

“Is it him?” The tall figure rambled.

“Barny, don’t be stupid. Who else could it be?” Squeeked
the smallest. “No one wanders around outside the complex
voluntarily. They’re all too frightened, too comfortable.”

: Who are you?” Timothy whispered.

% = m Benard Barnicle,” the tallest spoke. “This little guy
$ Fony and this charming lady is our own Lo Chi. We're 8
circus,”
“Just the three of you?”
ee @ wagon,” Tony declared indignantly. “You
Me arther than most do after they've been expelled.
oat Just sit on the steps and fade away.”
ee don't understand,” Timothy said,
an you ju: ”
“Wher iggle?” asked Bernard,

“We need a j l i i i
uggler. I’m a weight lifter, Tony here is an
acrobat, and sweet Lo Chi is a fortune teller, psychic, and

Contortionist extaordinaire,”
