sit until the reflex actuates again. I look down in wonder at
dn nassive spattering and notice an opalescent stick onto
my I've heaved. It has a pale glow of pearls. | pull it out
rt off and clean it, It’s colossal, like a shepherd’s
t’s hiking stick appearing to be made of ivory. On
it’s thick and smooth; it’s ridged and twisted on the
smooth end has gold letters engraved in Arabic.
my soiled shirt into the dumpster and walk around
pepys of the building to the parking lot. I carry the staff
inst mY shoulder like it’s a large musket. Around front the
ag ic table crowd mutters amongst themselves and then one
vom whistles loudly, mocking my childish physique. I have
to open my hatchback to fit the staff in my car, but I drive off,
feeling 2 pit relaxed at the sight of the ominous luminescent
Kroger sign fading away in my rearview mirror,

staffor?
one end
other. The

| throw

The homeless shelter on Third Avenue was a Y.M.C.A
until a fire consumed half of it some twenty-odd years ago and
the remains were salvaged for the benefit of the disenfranchised.
Cars bump by to aggressive bass rhythms. 1 hear the static
pop of insects being electrocuted in a bug zapper across the
street. The sticky stench of pot emanates from somewhere

and I want to follow it, floating with my nose twitching at the

imagined streaming plume of scent, like a cartoon. A black
man with dreads and a ripped flannel shirt smokes a cigar by struggling sounds of coughing and wheezing. A cot close to
the entrance and looks at me quizzically, undoubtedly puzzled us has a bible lodged under one of the legs to level it out. In
atthe shirtless white boy and his long staff. it, a grizzled man sleeps with his back towards us. Next to -23-
Acorpulent woman with a greasy crow’s nest of hair sitting hima woman sits cross-legged ona cot rocking her pate
ata folding table eyes me from top to bottom. She hasa thermos baby. At the far perimeter of the cots, girls sing -_ sme
of coffee, Grisham’s latest courtroom drama pitched like a rope, their hair braided tight against their scalp. It's
i i fi t to stare. ;
—— - none — A ae — Spe = ma sail among them and try to smile wamnly, but secing
late angreeaamnetatnstas them, watching the small routines of their lives confined in
: aa shirt?” she says a gymnasium enhances the anne ee
ere ; i k behind me, Some of them
eertbnmeen here. Ho wm cept — “scp aon ee of a shirtless man with a magnificent staff
Seantipaees hooded peoeess am 2 ae a atk ” hiking among them doesn’t draw a bit of interest. These
the knees. He can’t walk well. I think this is his se ing Stik. people turn over in their cots oF nis open small sn i
“Honey, I didn’t work last night. I need a name. their eyes then sleepily close them. It — so pe =
“Can I take a look?” eri soup and burnt bread. We pass a _ . : a, =
“py pede agen ea in the wheelchair rolls up back of his ote ie ne g
lll sign for him,” the b i. mouth and clicks it. “You where his other ar ae eins iat 7
to the table, takes the pen out of his m is he The old man in the t cassette
sin't gonna club nobody with that stick, now?” he says ® & hee dark corner, his head drooped forward, sof
; c ody wi . te shirt and stuck on it Is wall in the dark white medical tape The staff glows in «=
Signs. He wears a beige army medic ss s with “Marlo” wrapped in thic te es aneeos. aslo clicks his pen
one of those “Hello my name is” sticker nameliG" behind the the dark of the busted lig 3
Scribbled in red ink. He leads me into @ ae abruptly, behind me. Hee him.” Marlo says. “Not him.
these woman and her courtroom dreail pie fhis mouth “Oh, you rater you’, he ain't got nothing t say.
_— iaowags t0 block me, taking the P® oot ollars now,” Don’t ose rolls up to him, He clicks his = to 2
“PP aaes “ onna give me Do you ” | ; “eYou ain't got xe to
he as itrepeatedly. “You g De ale the impact of his words F
“What? Why?” Cause say.” 4 move. His features are dark, 4
Lad Jd man doesn't i sae
“Cause more out of ten lars than y t The o k of light, and I realize a
Ican get more out of ten Wr hiking BACK 1° cured by the hood and la 2

letting you by unless you do,” he said. I
over. He clicks his pen.

; Fir: right,” I say, “I'll give you twenty, but you have to
stick by me in case something happens.”
| hand Marlo a twenty, one that has a pentagram branded
on Hamilton ’s forehead and he folds it into his breast pocket
aa he Acute and then places the pen back in his
mouth, He wheels
a tha Gad ete up the hallway and stops by the doors

“They gonna stare at you. Don't stare at them. They

hate being stared at,” he says. He clicks his pen.

Beyond the doors is a large gymnasium that looks like a
makeshift Army hospital with lines of cots. Long
fluorescent light fixtures hang like sarcophagi from the
rafters and illuminate the gym brightly, except for the far
corner where two fixtures are burned out.

Many haggard faces shift toward us, some card games
are interrupted, some of them gasp and laugh. Two
basketball hoops are folded up toward the rafters. Boxes
full of books and board games line one wall. Some have
names of rooms written in marker on the cardboard flaps.
There are tables with hot plates and giant soup pans, crock-
pots, long foil pans, stacks of paper plates, bowls, and
silverware lining another wall. The gym echoes with the

quietly mull it

ben crites
