The Recovery of Sunken Qessels

by
Ben Crites

During a period in late April when the birds’ songs were
seemingly more melodic and the glaze of sunshine inspired
everyone to roost, my best friend Wallbacher was besieged
by a transmogrifying lust for companionship. When his
efforts fell short, he tortured himself in the face of unrequited
love.

His phone call early that Saturday morning had unraveled
me from the drowsy warmth of my beautifully petite
girlfriend Samantha; my hand numb undereath her, strapped
against her belly with the elastic of her panties.

Wallbacher spoke between long, contemplative silences,
which he had done many times before when troubled by
something. He spoke terse statements about nothing of
consequence, keeping a safe distance from the underlying
topic.

I felt my hand tingle, the blood rushing into it. Sam rolled
over in the bed and I studied the curve of her spine while the
cold tickled against my skin like a feather and goose bumps
Popped down my arms.

Sam moaned and rolled over in bed.

Why is it that as we age, we try to drift away from

home? All of my friends were married or had fled to some

distant town. | would not lose another.

I leaned against Wallbacher’s front door, my hands full
with my medical kit—a tray of two coffees and a couple
Eclaires from Krispy Kreme. Juggling everything 8
the door, turned the knob, and pushed with my pore
but the door jammed and the sudden halt splashed coffee
down my Dockers.

“Shit,” I said,

I shook the drops off of my hand and felt the skin tighten
against the burn. I peered into the open gap of the front
door. The Persian rug was draped over a large bulk, curled in
the fetal position.

“Shit, man. What in the hell are you doing?” I said.

“Wipe your feet, please. I’ve just shampooed my carpet,”
Wallbacher said, his voice muffled under the rug.

Perhaps | should have been more compassionate and
realized these words were spoken by a delirious man, but a
red burn splotched across my fingers like @ birthmark and
the throb of it begged release. | stood on the hump and
wiped my Asics thoroughly, digging my heels into the space
between his ribs.

“Ouch, fuck, man,” Wallbacher said standing up with the
rug still draped over him like he was some hideous sculpting
come to life, He removed the rug and a few hairs on his head

erected from the static.

His apartment was clean; the carpet still had dark fan
shapes impressed upon it. He had sustained serious damage,
as evidenced by the Feng Shui implications of him manane
his surroundings, cleaning the bum marks of his scarre
soul, removing all the clutter that cramped his chi. A —
was waged on his coffee table; a chessboard ——
king castled. Beside it lied a green bottle of . =
Sauvignon, a few bloody wine drops and . —* -
There was an open phe Mike Sells; its cavern

siected crumbs of a tir /ino.
earn you broke a rib,” Wallbacher said.
“Sorry, man. I got carried away.
