has swallowed the rest of them, leaving me with a rather limited vocabulary. The teddy bear

magnets have wandered off with Allie to hibernate on someone else's fridge door, A black and
white photograph of an old shack with “Clay's Package Liquor” whitewashed on the side is taped
below the remaining letter-magnets now.

“Are you ever going to look for a job?” she asked.

1 rubbed my forehead and said nothing. The lecture was coming.

“Do you know this apartment costs us—correction: costs me twelve hundred bucks a month?”

She popped the lid from the bottle of Corona and pulled a cigarette from the pack lying on the
bar. “When we moved here, you asked for six more months to work at home. I said okay. It’s
been almost a year. A year, Michael.” Her voice was icy. I tried to remember what she had been
like before she graduated college and we moved here. She fell for me because I am a writer, she
a hippie wannabe from an upper class family and me a struggling writer and an art school
dropout. But she found a job at an accounting firm the first week we were here and without a
word of complaint traded in her tie-dyes and sandals for gray business suits and sensible pumps.
She looked authoritatively sexy glaring at me and sipping the Corona. | felt my cheeks turns
Sl thinking of all those successful, well-dressed young businessmen she lunched with every
Vy.

“I've been sending out a bunch of my short stories.”

“And have you heard anything back?"

“Well, I've received two rejection slips so far, but it takes awhile for magazines to get back to
you. It’s a slow process.”

I walked over to the bar. She took a step away from me. I frowned and took a cigarette from
the pack. “The bulk of the manuscript is finished honey. Pretty soon, I'll be done editing it. I've
already started making a list of publishers to send it to. I just need another month.” This
wasn't entirely true. I hadn't actually written the ending yet. I was still waiting for it to hit me.
In the meantime, I had set some incredible records playing Minesweeper and Solitaire. Also, I
was caught up on all my soap operas. Still, the end was on its way. I'm finishing it tonight, after
I finish this letter.

“You said the same goddamn thing last month, and the month before that! Last month, you
promised to start sending out some résumés. I even went through the newspaper for you and
circled job listings! You haven't done a goddamn thing, have you?”

Had I stopped to think about it, | probably would have felt ashamed of myself. I had been
mooching off my fiancé for nearly a year! My sole form of income had been when my mom mailed
me a check for $200 on my birthday, and another one for Christmas. My ego was bruised though,
and I yelled at her. “What am I supposed to do? Sacrifice my creative spirit to the burger
consuming throngs of McDonalds’ cretins? She yelled back. We yelled together, our last shared
experience. Then she left.

I shiver and wrap my housecoat tighter around me. The gas company shut off the heat over
the weekend. I rub the corners of my mouth. There are sores there now. I look around the
floor, Scattered amidst the gray socks and jeans and stained t-shirts are dozens of slips of
paper. This one says Orion Review. That one says Wondrous Stories Unlimited. Some are big.
Some are small. Some are handwritten, but most are photocopies. They are all form letters. |
pick one up and read it. “Thank you for submitting to Delta Strife Tales. We're sorry, but we felt
that your manuscript was not right for our magazine. Thank you for submitting and good luck placing
your piece elsewhere.” Rejection tastes thick and bitter, like the pot of coffee I've been nursing

for the last three days.
Anyway, enjoy the read. I haven't included an SASE, since I won't be here to receive the

rejection slip. I've got a long trip ahead of me: 14 floors.

Sincerely,

Michael Davidson
Encl.
