ee...

a store’s gravel lot spread rough-ed

addy road; white-rocked and new, it ca
walight there was. On the other Side of the road, it
became the lot for the Rough Rider Saloon. On
the saloon side, there were a few dusty cars but
the big, green general store only had Mrs.
Stieget’s rusty Buick. ;

“Young lady, where is your grandfather?”
Mrs. Stieger’s son, Oscar scowled at Claire as
he tugged a jangling set of keys out of his back
pocket.

“He sent me down to order some ozokerite =
and get some things.”

“Well, you'll have to wait until tomorrow.
My mother will have to do any ordering.”

“Can't Lat least...”

“No lip now, girl. I’m closing up. Tell
Ulysses that he shouldn’t let you run around
on your own these days. Town’s becoming
amadhouse.” Oscar latched the glass doors
together and flipped through the keys
until he found the one with the
Buick logo. He seemed surprised #
when he looked up and Claire
was still standing in the
parking lot. He deepened the
frown lines around his
mouth for a while, then his
expression melted and
smoothed. “Here now, why
don’tI give you a ride home
honey?”

Oscar had Claire climb in the

Suess this morning was

time to go.”

y’s ever

: s¢ he shot up the phage! ew

ees eee part of it. But it’s mainly

v asn't been getting along with

his mother for months, Poor thing never even

80t to say goodbye.” He shook his head and
continued, “See Claire, it’s not the way you
die that’s important. It’s how you leave
things when you go. And, of course
everybody’s afraid to dic. That’s a big
part of why people get sad when their
friends die; they’re reminded that it’s
gonna be them one of these days.”
He said that it was his job
to make people less sad when
somebody dies. That’s what he

\. was going to see Mrs. Stieger

for: she was one of Leroy’s

best pals.

: “[’m not afraid to
die,” she whispered to
herself.

By the time Oscar

dropped her off at the

bottom of the drive, the
sun was down and the

“Then wh
Becau:

backseat because he had to pick up the
reverend on the way. They went a long
way up the hill before coming ona little
shack in the woods. It was starting to
darken and firelight glowed in the single
window. Shadows were tossed across
honked his horn to get their attention.

the walls. Oscar
Reverend Woods

backed out the door after a time, clasping the hands of an old

! lady, and alternating his head between a bow and a back-
and-forth swing, as if trying to duck away and express deep
condolences at the same time.

When he got in the car, the two men conversed as though
Claire wasn’t sitting in the backseat. Oscar was grim, but
the reverend, always animated, made light of the situation
apparently, the del Mar boy shot up the saloon this morning
and then tuned the gun on himself. Popped hisself like a
Coke bottle, said the reverend as he flicked a thumb in his
cheek to illustrate the sound.

“Leave it to a Methodist to ruin a good
Reverend Woods waved a hand over his head.
Ulysses MeCabe, there’s a fightin’ man...”

bar fight,”
“Now take

porch light was on. Grampa

was still working, and he said

not to worry about the supplies.
He’d go to the store in the morning.
Claire didn’t remind him that she still

had the five dollars in her pocket.

Il.
That Thursday had been one of the longest = =
the store a
could remember. Grampa went down to :
her alone to work on the Love Garden. She thought she d
learned more about make-up that day than in the other eight
years of her life combined.

Grampa went to bed early since he'd stayed up all

through the previous night. He’d worn his good clothes to

bed so he wouldn't have to rush and change in the mans
She hoped that didn’t mean he'd be getting up early is
morning too. He had left her to finish putting the ee
Vishnu and Shiva. eer Park pulled the suit off presiden
in the Hall of Elder Statesmen.

near ec of her will to stay up the night. When the
first lights of dawn made dust motes sparkle in the air, she
stood on the bed and kissed Mrs. Hoover's lightly rouged,
