sin works at the movie
ted close against
going to

his hand on her thigh. “My er? yes

yec in for fre
theater and we can getint :
“We can go on bike rides all over town and I’m

her. 4
nse soon.

driver’s lice c
2 "Sho reonlled from his touch and tried to pull away, ee
there was nowhere to go. “Excuse me, Drew, I sail + ©
up. My stop is coming up soon.” She tried to stand up

there wasn’t any room and Drew grabbed her re kA
“Just skip it. I skipped mine.” It was true. Drew

been so silent and Sheila so inattentive that she had oan
right past his stop without noticing. Drew was normal ly
one of those kids who charges to the front of the bus as it
approaches his stop, slapping other kids’ heads as he passes.

“I can’t, my dad will get mad.” She scrunched up
against the window as much as she could and struggled just
to keep his hand from going any further up her dress. “Look,
just let me up and give me your phone number. I need to go
now. I can call you later or something.”

He leaned in close and tried to kiss her, but she turned
her face towards the window. She felt his wet mouth against
the side of her neck as she watched her house slide past.
Brad and Nathan sat on their bikes at the end of her drive,
watching the bus go by and pointing at her. “Let me go. We

just missed my stop. I have to get off the bus or my dad will
be mad and I’Il get grounded. Let me go please.”
ac < stopped trying to kiss her for a second, but still
t arm and kept his hand against her sweaty thigh.
Are youcrazy? Youcan’ttell Sheila now. She’s the meanest
nese ee pe tigers otoastrdecees
be in so much ‘enable Dante bide catia va we'll
eiseeiisraet ka ‘ t worry about it.” He leaned in
<a : : Ips against her cheek. She felt his wet
gue slide against her skin.

SS

A few minutes later the bus pulled into the
lot. Sheila dropped the engine and leapt off Patking
shouted “Done!” She remained completely ob bus ang
battle being fought behind the rows of seats the ee
bus. Wendy told him to stop over and over aga; tthe
fought to push him away from her seat, but ? 2d she
size. Re wae ‘Wice her

If she had, someone might have
happening. He clenched his teeth and bit bet ceca Was
grunted, leaving bruises and teeth marks. Wend: pel
her mother and Drew clamped his hand Over ee ae
shut her up. There was blood, a lot of it. He left eee
when he was done with her. She lay unconsci her there
climbed off of her and ran. ons aneae
Brad and Nathan skidded their bj ;
the bus. Drew was running across te ae front of
for the woods. They dropped their bikes and ine
bus. Nathan and Brad stopped when they saw the =
form of their friend lying half-naked on the dirty fl oe
aisle, the sun casting its rays across Wendy’s pale presto
bruised lips. Nathan stumbled off the bus and vous
the pavement. He sweated and felt dizzy and scat =
Brad bit his lip and let the tears run down his cheeks,
He crouched down and helped Wendy sit up. She was delirious
and cried again. She whined about her torn dress and getti
grounded, but Brad helped her to her feet. He inet re
happened, but couldn’t bear to think of it. They climbed off
the bus together and Nathan took her other arm. Leavi
their bikes behind them, the three hobbled to Wendy’s a
in silence.
