ss


_gourement or scarring that necessj
a hideout. I wonder why Phil ana apo and a
extraordinary, why he left it to ring up an alcohoi prieeation

Marie returns with a Swisher Cigar box onde —.
sandwich bag of dope and some rolling papers. a. : =
the stems and seeds from a bud and twists the ia ag
cigarette. eyeing me as she licks and seals the Paper, | Keg :
her couch, feeling trepid from my scarred conscience bi ‘i
usually feel before getting high. ermal

Maybe I’m medicating myself. Getting high seems
in the lines of my life and makes the menotons 4g a
interesting. | envisioned the transition from college to “real
life” being casy. But it isn’t. Crestfallen, I lean back on my old
summer job and come home every night to get stoned, watch
taped episodes of Northern Exposure, and wish for a Rip Van
Winkle sleep to dream away the inevitable Sisyphean routine
of life. With luck, I'll save up enough money fora good recliner
to come home and pass out in, completing the bourgeois’s full
circle.

Marie sits next to me on the couch and we pass the joint
and listen to the music the wind makes gusting between the
houses. The candle flames hypnotize me for I don’t know
how long. It’s then I realize the effects have taken hold. Fora
while, I feel brilliant. We laugh about poor Bobby’s unanswered
pages and the fallacy of having no one of age working checkout.
| theorize about the old bum, saying he’s an experienced
dumpster dweller, wisely choosing the recycling one. Marie
laughs for a while. The wind snaps the flag out front.

Maric plays her old Casio on the pipe organ setting. I stare
at her smooth eyelids and long lashes as she looks pensively
down at the keys. The sustained notes make me sullen and I
think about funerals and somber flower arrangements. | think
about Lisa and her five roses and imagine her in a thicket of
them picking as many as she can pin to her shirt. She looks for
the perfect corsage. She picks up one and talks into it. She calls
the rose Gina and wants to know its opinion. She cuts her
finger and sucks on the wound. ‘

Marie stops playing. We eat popcorn and drink a two-liter
of Diet Coke under the soft light of the kitchen. We climb into
her parents’ bed so we can fall asleep to the History Channel.

og RE go to spoon Marie but she’s curled on
the edge of the bed, so I close my eyes and listen to ah
Some of us who are small dream big, the historian says-

The next afternoon I sing along to Blonde on Blonde in the
shower, My face appears underneath the fog on the mirror. I
decide against shaving and put on my dirty blue Kroger shirt,
jeans and work boots, The sun blitzes in segments through the
£4ps of the blinds and dust motes waver like tiny magic carpets
ah pi There’s a note from Marie on the table, the writing
Area erratic, without the hearts and smiley faces of her

i i ch

I'm saddened by the clear skies, by the birds chasing ca

other from tree to tree, and hearing the jubilee of kids playing

their games jn their
Necessity of wor!
Deep inside I k

I drive past the Ohio St

ben crites

late Universit
Seize i we Tey n
ze the sun like groundhogs freed from that Sroeieter

They play hackey sack and 5 moke Cigarettes on benches,
some march along the street inh backpacks, all of them digging

sae fher. It i :
tag. Driving has changed since past: picts
eee You use to be able to flirt on the road but
everyone is pre-occupi 7
into cell ctemet spied, staring forward and talking
Loften wish that the giant Kroger sign looming off in the
distance were a mirage. I'd get closer and the building would
dissipate into a panorama of sand dunes. Like when driving
in the daylight, sometimes you see silvery stretches in the
road ahead which look like floods of water but the closer
you get over every hump the mirrored water shifts further
off in the distance.
Lalmost run over Bobby in the parking lot, He’s collecting
stray carts and stands stoically when I roar to a halt, begging
for release. I park in a slant that takes up two spaces.

“Hey, Bob. You keep calling those 99s. Somebody’s “21-
bound to hear you. Those college kids will wait, too. You
won't believe how long they'll wait on cases of Beast or
Natty,” I say and mess up his hair. He backs out of reach.

“Lisa says you found a hobo. That's what you guys
were doing at the dumpster last night. Fishing out a hobo,”

“Yeah, well, they should give Lisa a rose for gabbing.”

Bobby’s lead cart has a busted wheel and he pushes on
the train of them and it weaves side to side like a snake.
There are white chalk lines where the stuck wheel scrapes
against the blacktop. | dislodge the lead cart and heave it
into an empty parking spot.

“What did he say? The hobo. When you woke him,”
Bobby says. ody.

“phil woke him. He didn’t say anything, just seemed to
want to keep away from Phil like the rest of us.”

There are a bunch of blue shirts at a picnic table out =
front by the pop machines, They smoke cigarettes and =
yawn in the sun, stretching out their breaks as long as they
can. One wild kid pinches a girl and then runs away giggling.
A Salvation Army representative sits In a folding chair FH
with a jar of coins and a stack of pink flyers heaped ona
card table next to him.

I stand in front of the automatic doors and they won't &
open. I stare into the reflection in the glass and watch people
stack paper sacks full of groceries in their trunks in the
parking lot behind me and I marvel at the passing traffic far
off, at life moving on without me this gorgeous afternoon. ©
The doors won't open. | sneak in the exit, brushing past a Fa

ion

i

of

ream
