OB necklaces and scarves didn’t obscure an
ly flat and curly-haired bosom. How ever, the extra
d long cyclashes made her wonder. That, and the
ne face Was SO delicate, even pretty—despite its
weg She stared into the glossy black eyeballs, trying to
: <A matter in her head while she blushed him up.
d been easier work than Vishnu, though she
several shades before choosing a deep burgundy
out against the tawny wax. She went back to the
¢ finished Vishnu and painted glossy, puce
lipstick on thickly. She thought she might like that 74
color for herself one day. Moving back and forth i
from the workbench, first with blush, then lipstick, ;
then finally with eye shadow, she was extra careful
not to disturb anything she wasn’t supposed to. I
Her work was a dance of perfection, arranging /y/,
¢ for maximum effect. Sometimes though, |
usly close to toppling the crowded §;

obv ous

had to try
that stood
harem after sh

the sccm

Missouri to help out her eldest granddaughter—Claire’s
cousin Joann. The divorce happened shortly after that when
Gramma found a Northern man who promised to take care
of her. Claire thought that was nice of the Northerner, but
Grampa had a lot of words for the man, even though he and
Gramma busted up pretty quick. Now, Gramma was back
in Joann’s house and Joann still had plenty of trouble with

she came precano'

harem like the apprentice plate-spinners at
Verona's, and it frightened Claire to think that her
clumsiness might cost Grampa several weeks worth

Before she got the TB, Gramma Adic had gone to

her two kids to worry about a sickly old woman.

Gramma had always had lung problems, but

this was the first time she’d mentioned them in a

) letter. Joann and the boys are helping me out loads,
she wrote, I'd be dead already without them.

Grampa's old typewriter sat in the hallway

between the house and the museum. She typed

in near darkness, the only light shining in from

’ Grampa’s workshop, where he was molding the

ig limbs for Shiva. Grampa hadn't used his

typewriter since he'd stopped replying to

Gramma’s letters. On account of his

nearsightedness, she didn’t have to worry

N

of work, not to mention his health. Grampa seemed }

more frail than the wax figures and anything she 4 ae tA, about Grampa seeing what she wrote. Claire
did to them she may as well be doing to him. Buty’ Su 4 tried to imagine what Grampa would say if
it couldn't be helped—Claire had to finish it. tf g % F he knew Gramma Adie was sick.

Grampa came back into the room. “Careful peas HS ¢ é Adie honey, she wrote, I know you're sick
there,” he said. “We might just get more business but my poor heart still hurts so much that I
than the Verona Fun Park with this one.” Z 7 \ can't bear to see your face. I believe you'll

Claire hoped this exhibit would do some good (> be better real soon, I believe I will come see
for Grampa’s health. After last summer, she knew = you when I can think about your pretty face

3 bad exhibit could certainly do him harm. Last summer
when the regional Shriner convention was crowding the aisles
and spilling out onto the stone walk and the sun had softened
the wax of the French Revolution display, the neck under
the guillotine melted and the Marquis’s head fell off into its
long-waiting basket. The crowd was more than amused, but
Grampa fell down flat like he'd been the one executed,
Tumed out he had a heart attack. A little bite, he called it.
He said his old heart couldn’t bear that kind of stress, not on
one of the most important days of that year.

Il.

The light of dusk filtered into the yard through the trees
on the ridge. Claire wedged herself into the bay window by
the porch and reread Gramma Adie’s letter. The hand that
wrote it was visibly rheumatic. The d’s and t’s were gangly
and the s’s were pinched, telling more about Gramma’s
condition than the words themselves. Claire’s memory of
her grandmother had faded in the last two years. She had
trouble holding the image in her head. She could clearly see
an ever-twitching cheek and she could hear the old woman
cough, but Claire had to struggle to remember what color her
eyes were. She didn’t even remember whether she had glasses
Or not,

without crying. Maybe I'll send Clairebell up to see you
when the weather clears. Love, Ulysses. Claire looked over
her work, trying to hear Grampa’s voice saying the words.
When she Grampa shut the light off in his workshop,
Claire followed him into the kitchen. The glass pane of the
window where she'd been sitting left a cold section on her
back. She leaned against the refrigerator’s side, always warm.
Grampa Lyssie was pouring bourbon into an empty tomato
puree can. The label was yellowing and beginning to peel
around the edges, but was otherwise well-preserved.
“Grampa...” He looked at the letter in her hand,
frowning. “Pappy... Can I sleep in the Lincoln Bedroom
tonight?” .
“{ suppose. But if you get chilly, you crawl into bed
with Pappy. It’s a mighty cold evening tonight, it ts.
Claire turned the thermostat in the museum lobby up by
a few degrees, though Grampa had repeatedly paar —
about melting the wax. The Lincoln Room was quite y

but the little bed was cozy and just her size. ri Henry
Hoover stood with her rock collection next to the jootboard, a
inviting guests into the room. Claire fell asleep staring a!

back of the First Lady’s head by moonlight.

rampa ing. The way he was
ta call the next moming- way he ws
‘ Wa hone, Claire supposed it was & big

getting excited on the p)
