anyone accessed my account: Pervert, conduct business
quickly, do not make eye contact
“What did you write?” I asked Wallbacher as we drove
away.
“Nothing. Forget about it.”

He slinked back into the seat and closed his eyes, seeking
some dark retreat from another rejection, I imagined he
wanted to recoil and start collecting bomb material and write
manifestos against the government. Aren't all madmen, from
Kacienzki to Bin Laden, just heart broken and insecure?

By this time it was obvious that the doctor needed help
from another expert. I kept the car running, parked in the
fire lane in front of Kroger's and I called Sam. It was great
hearing her soft and raspy voice. I was sweet with her,
garnering a further appreciation for her in light of the sad
episodes of Wallbacher. I spoke to her in baby talk and gf
sang into the receiver for a moment. Then I told her
that I needed her help. She and a friend would 4g
meet us at a bar on the Ohio State University (i ;

campus at 10:30 p.m. I expressed the urgency by
which her friend must help sweep up the

together.

I found myself punching Wallbacher on the
arm a lot that day. Any suggestion of pessimism =o
and he got one in the slope between his shoulder and ‘AM
triceps, right on the bone. Being in our twenties, 1/4;
would warrant, posed an obstacle to the dating scene.
Hell, hard as it was to believe, the frequency of
embroidered wedding invitations was a bit
frightening and weighed heavy on our social purpose.
Working and dating was a difficult balance that many
struggled with, but hell, why not take Wallbacher to the
place where it was easy to score. Campus. The experiments
of youth, away from home and living it up hard, were usually
good opportunities to reap. This was where some kids
dropped their guard to pot, mushrooms, blotter acid, or
homosexual experiments. If they would be crazy enough to
try these corrosives, surely they'd warm up to the woo of
crazy Wallbacher.

I had spent most of my Saturday negating Wallbacher’s
dreadful arguments when I could have stayed in bed all day,
ala John and Yoko, singing sweet music to my beloved Sam.
But Wallbacher would have slipped further into the spiraling
madness. These cases must be caught early before anything
rash happens. I let him beat me in three games of chess,
gradually building his confidence back up for the games to
be had on campus.

That night I decided to drink coffee to keep tabs on
Wallbacher because the potential of drunken catharsis seemed
imminent and I meant to keep it in check. It was Folgers, the
sludge that normally sat undisturbed on the bummer for the
designated drivers of a far off imaginary land, Here we
careened off curbs and left mailboxes in shattered chunks. I

sipped at this sludge and smiled my big yellow teeth as Sam
and her friend Karen traded their MED grievances and how
tired its made them. Karen was garrulous, something that
was intensified with the downpour of White Russians, She
was dominating the conversation with medical acronyms
and Wallbacher sat through it complacently for the second
night straight. He was a jigsaw piece with creased edges, @
piece of ostentatious dark sky in the middle of the brick
building. Somewhere in the transition from college life to the
work force, he had lost touch with his roots. Some women
shot smiles across the dissipating patches of smoke and
he'd give sheepish half-grins dreaming that the skin above
their asses and on their ankles is uniform, not brandishing
any tattoos of rose bracelets or their pagan names, | imagined.
It was something he complained about concerning
campus girls. He seemed withdrawn, staring
in the flickering glow of beer signs.
Bars have always been a platform for
reminiscing. Old friends catch up on recent

shameful. I felt jittery and tapped a sped up
rhythm of “The Lion Sleeps Tonight” on the
steel foundation under the table. The walls
hy) were lined with abstract paintings and they
all had the same sad appeal, often the driving
motivation behind art forms. My coffee mug
was empty but I grabbed it and raised it to my
lips dumbly as the habit would have it. I shopped
“™s around for a beautiful girl for Wallbacher. Everyone
was preoccupied and it seemed we should have
chosen a meat market, but the girls wanted to talk now and
the music of such places was deafening. Two beatniks
hanging onto their pseudo-intelligent fagade of drab clothing
leaned over a chessboard. I overheard people at the table
behind us discussing the values of disenfranchisement in
Radiohead’s OK Computer, which the juke kept coming
back to as though it was being interrupted from listening to
it in its entirety. Two guys at a table next to us postulated
the possibilities of the bar maid being pregnant and the averse
effects of her smoking on James’ Giant Peach inside of her.
I remembered seeing her reading a mindless paperback behind
the bar, something she could sacrifice to distraction, back
when I frequented this joint a few years ago.

Another scruff bumped by us and smiled his joyful,
inebriated smile. He was a blissful victim of a power hour,
the shot-a-beer-a-minute (fuck it, let’s get to the point,
anything worth doing is worth doing right) hour of testimony,
or so his loud blathering would have us believe. He wobbled
in line to get another bottle; despondent after finding out
none of us had any pot, and I picked up my empty mug and
pressed it to my lips, again forgetting Its vacuous nature.

I looked around the bar, at the three women lined up on
stools and their legs crossed and limp feet kicking, and I
thought forward to their toilet side attrition and the exorcism
of the demonic Taco Bell. The bartender showed me
