Veronas. She didn’t want to
ecling her nerves for

d in the mirror,
d-tilt until Grampa woke up.
felt unsteady. She
tly less amused

about her size.

something for the
tement, but she’d been st
early and stare

job—maybe
ruin his excl
this all morning, gotten ¥
ici ined hea
racticing a determinec
But that phone call came and now she
stole past the Elder Statesmen’s Room, grea

than usual that the old men were all

“Grampa,” she said, “can I...”

Ves i
“Not right now, honey, whatever it is. I have to go.

i inning li Valentino lying on
Grampa Lyssie was grinning like the wax y
the satis behind him. “Reverend Woods says he might have
some work for me.” He threw on his corduroy jacket and

started out the door.

“But Grampa...” : a
Grampa looked back, squatted down—still smiling, but
now his lips twisted to one side. “What’s wrong Clairebell?

“q... well, I was hoping maybe I could visit Gramma
sometime.”
The twisted smile became a grimace, hurt and confused.
“Now, why you wanna go and do that? She ain’t never took
the time to come here and visit you.”
“But I haven’t seen her in so long, Pappy. Please.”
“Why you wanna see that old bag? She ain’t even wrote
you.” Claire knew that was a lie. She’d fished a dozen letters
out of the trash and all of them asked about her. Sometimes,
she even sent a dried leaf or a Canadian penny as a gift to
Claire. Grampa Lyssie’s lower lip turned down, pulling the
upper lip with it which in turn pulled his nose downward,
drawing his whole face into a frown.
Claire nodded, but added “What if she’s sick, Pappy.”
Claire hoped to uncover a hint of sympathy. The result
was confusing at first. Grampa turned his head, trying to
choke back a sob. Claire put a hand over her mouth as if to
stop the words even though they’d already come out. Grampa
Started bawling, his squat turned into rocking. She hugged
him, and let her tears wet his suede-covered shoulders.
eae she’s trying to take you from me don’t you
my heart and soul, and now she’s trying to
take my only care in the world. Clairebell ’
my life.” He wiped his te ne
ars, but Claire didn’t wipe hers.

He whittled a sharp point onto the squa
behind his ear and doodled a pair of antenna oMit he
in the magazine. Grampa crooked his ens Onto the w, ey
and looked into Claire’s face. rong momen
“I think we can get this deal on the Stre
exhibit. But we gotta spend all day borrow Of the As
gotta set the jewels and dress Shiva, not to WW tking, Sat
on all them fingers! I need your expert hand mt tings
up hon. Oh, and I forgot about the nose ae the
Lyssie laid the tracing paper over the magazi ngs! Gramp,
sketch out a scene featuring the woman and 4 bn Peean

elflike creatures with matching antennae OF litte
“lll go down to the Green Store and get the aa
want,” said Claire © TINS if you

“Are you sure, hon? It’s almost a mile.” c,;
and after a moments reflection Grampa aie po
5 You

what. Why don’t I give you some mone:
me up some rings—get the cheap ones, Hota. Pick
find them in gold...the nose rings that is; the fin th You Cag
be whatever—and I’ll throw in an extra nickel fe
Oh, and get some more scarf material too—and ——
cane wax. And sec if Mrs. Stieger’ll put in an pie: a
a pound of ozokerite.” wforindt
Grampa Lyssie handed her a five
scratching lines on the onion leaf see a =
hurry back hon.” iy
“Bye, Grampa.” She stared i
through the back: pirate: - ”
The back room housed the $ i
Princess—a girl turned to soap. The ee
she died two hundred years ago from heartbreak when her
lover, a Hessian general, left her to sail the high seas. She
never asked Grampa Lyssie if she was real or if he’d molded
her dark, splotchy skin with his own hands. It didn’t look
like Grampa’s work, though. Grampa always worked hard
to make his figures attractive. So did Claire, for that matter.

The walk down to the :
that she didn’t have scyiinnt ee ie chs
enough. She wondered ifa girl could really turn to soap out
7 heartbreak, the pain stilling her flesh from the outside in.
she wondered what the weather was like in Jackson City

Snowy and icy. Somehow, the thought didn’t make her feel
