i eS i

on while I’m gone. I want every one of you to sit here, be
quiet, and keep your paws off each other. No fighting, no
bickering, and no climbing over the seats like monkeys.”
She stepped down off the bus and started up the road,
wiping a film of sweat from her brow.

Andrew Spikott was the real troublemaker that year
and by no means was this day any exception. He was only
a freshman, but was eighteen years old. He had been held
back a couple of times and had a mouth like the Grand
Canyon, and the common sense and intelligence ofa dried
up mud puddle. He always went by Drew, and behind his
back the other kids called him Drool, because he had a bad
habit of leaving his mouth hanging open and, inevitably, a
wet spot pooled on his t-shirt. The kid smelled bad and the
older kids didn’t want anything to do with him so he didn’t
really have any friends. He’d intimidate the younger kids
though, pushing them around, giving them “wet willies” or
flicking their ears. A couple of junior high kids named Tom
and Robby were his lackeys, and between the two of them
they were almost as mean as Drew himself.

Drew was really irked that day. He was sweating hard.
Between his weight and the blue jeans and cowboy boots,
he was drenched and he smelled like a locker room. He’d
been laying the pressure on Brad Michaelson all week to
steal him a Chris Sabo rookie baseball card from Nathan
Hoffstedder, and had threatened to beat the snot out of him
if he didn’t do it. His tactics varied from wheedling to
‘outright threats, and finally, shortly before the bus stalled,
had moved up a few seats to trade cards with Nathan.
Nathan wasn’t watching, Brad pulled the card out of
page of plastic sleeves and slipped it into his shirt pocket.
‘He was sweating almost as hard as Drew and his hand shook
' as he passed the binder full of cards back to Nathan.
_ “Nothing I need right now,” he mumbled, and scurried back
to his seat.

As the engine ground to a halt Nathan turned around in
his seat. His eyes were hot behind his wire-rim glasses.
“Who took my Sabo card?” he asked, his voice hot and
gravelly. “Brad, do you have my Sabo? Drew?”

Brad refused to look him in the eye, just muttered,
eee 0 Cee his attention to a stalk of corn in the
} Several other kids turned around to watch the

altercation. One girl, Wendy Mulligan, watched all of this
with a kind of fascination. She was new—it was only her
third day here—and she hadn’t made any friends, Her family
had recently moved to Lima and she’d been transferred from
| 4 private to a public school. The never-ending war on the
school bus was an entirely new experience for her.
a “You pares ee 3 thief Hohtedior?” shouted Drew.
climbed letting his bell i
a cat ig ly press against the top
Nathan fumed for a moment but said nothing. Drew
Was five years older than Nathan and twice his size. Sheila
climbed off the bus at this point and Nathan flipped through

his binder again, holding up the page with its empty
sleeve. “Come on guys, just give it back. Who took ign

“Eat me you little dickwad,” Drew said. “| don’t ha
your shitty card. You probably lost it in your fat on
Tom and Robby cracked up despite the fact that they bo,
weighed a good forty pounds more than Nathan did
Drew weighed more than either of them. =~

Nathan’s cheeks flushed and he pushed his black
away from his glasses. He stared in silence for a few mj
before turning back to Brad. “Hey man, you don’t have m,
card, do you?” y

Brad avoided his gaze again, trying to find anything
else to look at. “No dude, why would I want a Sabo card? |
don’t even like the Reds.”

“But you were Just looking at i x minute ago. Are you
sure you didn’t take it by accident?

Brad shook his head. His face looked a little green at
this point. He pressed his clammy palms against the green
vinyl seat and tried to find anything to look at other than the
horde of faces staring athim. Wendy caught his eye and for
a moment he didn’t turn away. He had noticed her, of
course, all the kids were talking about the new girl. She was
a year older than him, a freshman in high school, and she
was pretty in a plain sort of way. She wore wire rim glasses
and had long, straight hair. It was auburn and matched her
inquisitive eyes. Brad chewed his lip and looked again at
the stalks of corn.

“Yeah buttnugget, lay off him,” said Drew. “Screw
your card, go find another one. Maybe your rich bitch mom
will buy you twenty packs. She should have an extra fifty
cents after last night!” Tom and Robbie hurled themselves
against the seats laughing.

Nathan climbed out of his seat. He took a step towards
Drew, clenching and unclenching his fists.

“Bring it pussy, I’ll kick your sorry ass.”

Nathan took another step forward and Drew stood up
in the aisle.

Brad looked up at them, then looked again at Wendy
Mulligan. Her head was cocked to the side as if to ask him,
Why don t you do something? A little shiver passed through
him; he wasn’t sure whether it was fear or excitement.

Brad stood up in between them, swaying between the
seats even though the bus was stationary. Sweat flowed
down his face, and he opened and closed his mouth a couple
of times before reaching for his shirt pocket. His eyes flicked
to Wendy before meeting Nathan’s. He pulled out the
baseball card, still uncreased, and held it out before him.
“l’m—I'm sorry. I guess I really wanted it or ;
Here, take it back.”

Nathan looked at him puzzled and took the card from
his outstretched hand. He started to say something but!
fell silent. He went back to his seat and slid the card carefly
into its sleeve. Then he turned around in his seat ag@!"

gave Drew the finger. Drew pretended not to notice bees?
at that point Sheila climbed back on the bus.
