hair on his ee man stands up next to me and looks through the
2” Marlo says, pointing As the lion prepares for another lunge, two men in green
He clicks it in agitation. suits appear at the end of the hallway with rifles. They shoot
two tranquilizer darts in the lion’s hindquarters. It yelps, snaps
extending it to the old man. He lifts his head but Ican only see around, and runs at them. They duck out of the hallway and
a shadowy silhouette of his features. The skin on his hands is the lion disappears after them.
dark and leathery but his palms are light and pale as if the staff The old man shakes the doors.
has bled into his hands. He hugs it against his chest. I feel pain “Are you kidding me?” a man beside us says
swelling in my knees cricked against the floor. I pull the staff out of the doors and pull the old man into the
“See, man. See. Nothing to say. Not shit,” Marlo says. He hallway with me.
spins around and wheels off through the cots, his pen clamped “What are you doing, kid?” one of the men asks
I give the old man his staff and he walks with me down the
The old man reaches forward and presses his palm against hallway where the lion is roaring and two men are screamin
my head like my mother used to when she checked fora fever. “Shoot it again, damnit!” , ad
[ want to be cradled to sleep. When I wake with my arm numb The lion staggers. It turns towards us and roars with its
and throbbing under Marie, I'll whisper this dream into herear eyes half-closed. Hunkered again in a crouch, the lion can’t
in all its dramatics, muster the strength to attack and falls into a heap at our feet.

Children jump rope and I listen as it slaps against the I watch the old man bend down to the lion and stroke its
wooden floor, the kids rhyming, their shoes squeaking like mane. He pushes the lion’s eyelids open, revealing a large white
basketball players. The rhythm of the jump rope slows and eyeball that’s rolled back in its head. He rubs his throat, then
synchronizes with my heartbeat, and the rhymes become opens the doors and hobbles out into the windy night.
lethargic and disoriented like a tape player low on batteries. I Part of me wishes that the lion mauled me, that I would
close my cyes. have this disgusting gash seeping through the gauze while I lay

A lion roars. The old man pulls his hand away and I open in a hospital bed, Marie weeping above me and lightly touching
my eyes. The homeless are sitting upright on their cots looking my wound. I would show her where it hurts.
around, spooked like dogs. Children cry, the jump ropes So here I am, this shirtless, impish boy who’s afraid to
dangling from their hands. The lion roars again and it’s inthe summon up his strength and be a man, standing over the hulk
hallway. Its shoulders swaying up and down as it creeps toward of a lion, who may very well be dreaming of the impala he
the gymnasium. Two men slam the doors closed. They dragged into the thicket some long gone forgotten night. I want
frantically search for something to secure the doors with. People to forget everything.
scream and scatter in our direction, one of them pushing Marlo But here I am, just another boy without a date for this
like they’re running with a wheelbarrow. They huddle in the spinning dance of the seasons. Day twirls into night back into
dark comer. day.

The old man stands and towers over me. He hobbles through I could call Marie and sort out this cop situation. But

the mass of cots, leaning against the staff. The two men rip it what would I say that would be heard? I could go home and
from his grip, pushing him aside and secure the doors with it. flip on the History Channel, maybe catch more about

[run across the gymnasium, hurdling overturned cots, and Napoleon, and this time I’d listen intently, while I lick the
I help the man up off the floor. He staggers and leans against salt and scattered kemels of the empty popcorn bowl. I'd
me as a crutch. The two men step back from the doors. listen to find out what went wrong.

“It looks pissed,” one of them says. I could return the sting by walking into the bakery with my

Through tiny windows in the doors I see the lion on its sts clenched, my eyes wild and tearful, and make a beast of
haunches. It leaps against the doors and I fall backward, the myself until the authorities sedate me and I’m only left with

hard floor jolts my tailbone and the crowd screams behind us. dreams of how everything was and could have been.
The doors separate slightly, bending until they catch against But I won't. I know my limitations. I'll be stoic. I'll move
<2 sari ; in a sense. I'll take whatever Is

the staff. {jump up and look through the window. n
The lion roars and walks back with its head 5 and make do with it, quictly, and
low. Its muscles look like they have been 4 that’s the loudest noise I can make.
sculpted from stone.

only reason I think of him as a man ts because of the
toes, which seems foolish to me now
“What's he going to do with that

the gnawed end of his pen at the staff.
I kneel down and hold the staff across my open palms,

between his teeth,

given to me
perhaps,
