“Nah. You see, sometimes you need physical pain to
forget about emotional pain,” Wallbacher said, grimacing.
He squinted and rubbed his ribs

“Jung say that?”

“| don’t know. Probably,”

And so Wallbacher propped
smashing the Mike Sells, ready to ex
of finding a suitable companton Men, our internal oceans
should house all the bobbing bottles encasing the things that
don't float, but should sink into the cold abyss where their
smudged unreadable.
bent on catharsis. He would hand
sy myself with something else,
jream I had the previous night, or
s of the Buffalo Bills going ten
ly take apart a broken machine

himself on a couch, his feet
pound on the difficulties

soggy messages are

But Wallbacher was
me a notepad and I'd bu
maybe scribble down my ¢
I'd postulate on the chance
and five this year. You can on
and randomly press wires together so m
they spark. Shrinks must surely

sce this as an axiom of their

I imagined the very details of this scene, Wallbacher
watching as these burly guys, college sport hats backwards,
wearing Abercrombie vests, passed his date around and cach
took a turn at her from behind.

“They saved her life,” Wallbacher said sorrowfully.

“Well, shit, that’s good to hear,” I said.

“Oh yes, quite good.” He stood up and wet a rag in the
sink and hunkered over the coffee table to clean the spilt
droplets of bloody wine.

“What's the damned problem then?”

Wallbacher separated his thumb and forefinger an inch.
“I was this close to making a genuine connection.”

Everything had gone perfect up until that point, he said.
He had acted as a true gentlemen, holding doors, helping her
into his Suburban, listening intently to her conversation,
full with puzzling medical terms, and thoughtfully replying

any times to see if to show he was interested in what she said.

Wallbacher said everything was leading up to that
moment, and once shared, there would have been insatiable

profession.
Wallbacher squinted his eyes, struggling to open them as

if he’d been belted hard on the head and had developed an
irreparable twitch. The Sauvignon pulled his brain from his
skull like it was a wad of gum stuck in his hair. Poor sap. He
was Cupid's pincushion, walking around like an old drunken
extra from a silent Western flick, arrows jutting out him like
porcupine quills.

He began a great roaring monologue on his date the
previous evening with a gorgeous medical student named
Mya. He spoke with a lit cigarette stuck to his lip, glued
with his sparse saliva, not that he was a smoker. He didn’t
drag off the thing, but he had an image of the great defeated
French lover to carry out, wearing black Levi’s anda charcoal
tee shirt like some hack art student. His voice became soft
and tremulous over the difficult parts where he claimed to
have scen a glint of promise in Mya’s eyes while she forked
an oozing chunk of chicken cacciatore. It was the one moment
they shared suggesting possibility, he said.

He dredged retrospectively in bewilderment, shaking his
head. He confessed fear of not finding a true woman meeting
his criteria—a mender of wounds, a scrambler of eggs, a
warmer of beds—a true simpatico to nurture the wounded
landscape of his soul.

In that moment, Wallbacher said, a strand of her
strawberry blonde hair fell down into the cream sauce. He
brushed it back behind her ear and smiled warmly at her. He
was overpowered by the glint, a shimmering distant fire ‘
across the hazel terra of her eyes, and Mya’s face reddened,  AndI would do it. Wallbacher and I de-pantsed our sixth
what Wallbacher said he initially saw as blushing, but as it grade camp counselor, we hit spiraling fly balls behind our

i i i ions and we wore
turned out a chunk of chicken and peas had lodged in Mya’s elementary school during summer vacations an® ore
throat. birthday hats strapped to our chins at each other's parties.

i : . heart struck
“Ig she all right? What did you do?” I asked. History is too valuable to scrap Over a
“Well I jumped up to give her the damn Heimlich, but disillusionment. 1 would see him Saeen’ a
she’d fallen backward onto the table behind her, her legs he'd do the same. By the end of t — eases
kicking up in the air like she was drowning and a couple of clowns huddle in groups at cacophonous

guys grabbed her and began pumping away at her.”

desires to be around each other, ever long moments waiting
for phone calls, at least three months of incredible kindness
and sweet sincerity.
“That was the last time she ever looked at me,” he said.
“She choked,” I said.

“Yes, she choked. Then insisted on buying the guys a
drink and they encircled her at the table. She smiled at them,
and every time I opened my mouth to speak, somebody
stole the opportunity, talking inancly about some party,
lodging peas in my throat, damnit. Eventually the jackals
dragged her off to a kegger,” Wallbacher said softly, hushed
by the painful remembrance. “They stuck me with the tab,
all $85 of it, and walked over me and out into the night. The
beautiful Mya was taken into the hills by a bunch of savages.
[ retreated home with the Cabernet Sauvignon, and well,

you know the rest.”

[hoped taking Wallbacher out into public would be like
dragging Proust out of seclusion and sicking him on every
curvaceous woman in sight, or unleashing the Marquis de
Sade into the fermenting hallways of an all girl’s high school.
But it wasn’t, He was a man who came within reach of the
top of the mountain, but only to have the rock he held
loosen and he fell to the jagged bottom. With much prodding
and forced encouragement, I would have to set the training
wheels back on his bike and guide him along the cracked

sidewalks of his frail confidence.
