it ts

a het concrete afternoon

I clutch the syringe and move away from him. I’ve just
closed his eyes and have already wept

For him the end was clear. For him, everything had been
clear. What power that must have brought. I look at the syringe
The clear liquid within jiggles as my hand trembels Thomas is
dead. It's over

The afternoon glare breaks through the filthy window leaving
the room without shadow. I press myself against the far wall,
squeezing the needic. I am not sad. Not for myself. Not for
Thomas. What had it all come to? For Thomas, peace. For
myself, a quiet suicide in a hot dry box?

Thomas had been beautiful, alive with an energy that could
crackle from his fingertips and bristled his hair. Even now he
was beautiful. How old was he? Twenty, twenty-two?

In Virginia there is love and everything is born of love

“I'll wait for you,” Thomas was on his knecs, his thin
blond hair pulled away from his face. “Trust me Linda. Don't
fail me Linda. I love you.”

How warm his touch was
trusting. How seductive

How soft his kisses. How

In Ohio there is peace, clean gauze clothing and fresh
productive gardens. The group works

His eyes burned fiercely bluc below his smooth clear
forehead. As he raged his small compact body bound itself
into tight hard knots “Trust me with your life young girl
Trust me with your bloated body and starving soul. Trust me
with everything you possess and | will show you freedom.”
As he spoke, as he stood, as he breathed, I lived. Fear was

nothing next to love and I lov ed him. Thomas/love

In LA there is sex and surrender. The group 15 one

This room has no furniture. We are all here. It’s a solid
block of frozen air. We sit around him We hallucinate. We
make love. We do not eat. We do not sleep. I am Linda. The
others here love him also, as they should. He is sleeping now

and we wait and we dream.

In this room I am naked and cold. I cannot breath. | am
choking, dying. My eyes begin to bleed. I cover them with
my hands and they fill with blood. I rub my face and it
becomes smooth and featureless. j

His hands are soft and smooth and he strokes my brow,
comforts me. He is so beautiful. Thomas/savior.

In Frisco, hunger and tears and anger.

He stands before us. His nude body white, smooth,
shimmering. The knife he holds moves through the air and
digs into his left wrist. But he isn’t hurt. The wound erupts
and blood flows to the floor. He wraps it with a cloth and
puts the blade to his other wrist.

In the van we travel silently. It holds us five easily.
Joseph, who was afraid, we give courage. Sally, who was
lost, has been found. Timothy drives and speaks only to
Thomas. I am Linda and Thomas loves me.

In Kansas there is death.
Thomas/Love. Thomas/Savior. Thomas/God.

We are starving and Thomas tells us we must find Joseph
who has run away. He cannot be far because he has no
money. We search and search. Why have you left us Joseph?

I wait outside as Timothy goes in. We need money and
food. [ hear the scream and it frightens me. I go inside and
see the child run to the stair. Timothy is close behind. He
strikes the child across the head and it tumbles down the
steps. Timothy grunts like an animal. | am sick and leave
the house

On the bed Thomas is cold though the room is hot. I
take off my cloths and lie next to him. I shiver. I am to
follow him but the syringe falls to the floor.

It’s a hot concrete afternoon. The sidewalk burns my
feet. The sun burns my naked skin. I see the men coming
toward me. Their chests flashing beams of sunlight. Their
heavy black belts flopping as they run. I’m held and pulled
into a car. Joseph’s here, his wrists bound, his face buried

in his hands.
