Missiles

been bom as a glitch. When the first Of the p
He ney backup

as generated accidentally as an emerge
Wi

“A e memory cortex temporarily lost cont
the ship. It had automatically created Celtiberian to

ugh a strategy for reconnecting. He did his job for
thi sonds before the second missile hit, delivering a jolt
atfisec ;

-d the broken
align’
that

neurons the
established

. feroit had
comet gsignated
to slip through the
connection to inspect ¢ #

mory banks. She met
ma stranger there, and
conveyed him back to the
main “cortex to confer
with the other pilots.
Manchu, Jurchen,
and 01 Comet fired blasts
of coded thought back
and forth through the
ship, trying to decide
what Celtiberian was to
do. The three old pilots
discussed the new pilot
situation, all the while struggling to poultice the destruction
which had created him. A fifth pilot was superfluous and
human history had shown well what happened with idle
hands. Eventually, it was decided that Celtiberian would
survey the memory damage. He was to check each synapse
and cell. Though it was an unusually simple job for an
intelligent pilot to do—simple automatic subminds usually
handled such menial tasks—it was very time-consuming. The
memory was ¢normous. Tracking down the origin of humanity
micant collecting and analyzing samples of life forms and
artifacts, comparing records of geomorphology,
history...virtually all of collective human knowledge.
Celtiberian had to make sure all of that information was
accessible and he went about his job with exceptional vigor.
Meroit had to perform her job now to ensure safe passage
forthe result of Celtiberian’s and the others’ work. Her mind
slipped carefully out of her subcompartment of the ship 's
brain, sliding through the peripheral nervous system and into
sea body that had been secreted and awaited the
“timation brought by conscious thought.
The secretion organ dissociated itself from the proxy
oaty tad Meroit crawled along the vessel walls against the
that

and fre-

nt of blood. The body had scaly, plasticene spicules
acted ag manipulators and allowed her to grasp the tough
An ofthe artery. She spread her limbs and fanned-out her
Ati, Smelling, fecling, tasting the contents of the blood with
to an, . “t¥es. Surprisingly, the ship’s own antibodies began

tach themselves to her hands and arms.

Ct With the d

She ignored the
een problem and followed the feel-taste

Mogens, but as she cra

h ‘ Wled fa;

“tds then almost disappeared Save Poel

ler proxy. Buffeted by the current the

“scent

tO no avail, There se

Tan €xcruciating moment
of searching, she Save up and hurried
back downstream to the Secretion
hode to attempt diagnostics with the
help of the ship's brain,
She found it there. The node
itself was infected. Antigens
continued attaching themselves to
Meroit. She hurried here xamination,
hoting unusual lacerations that didn’t
Seem a likely result of an infection.
She needed to be quick since
the body she inhabited was very
delicate—a mere hint of human form,
little more than a bundle of nerves
sketching the trace ofa tiny-brained
body. She could be damaged easily.
If she remained in the bloodstream
for too long, the antigens could
degrade her spinal cord and the proxy
body would die. Then, she’d have
to be reinitiated again, losing more of her own memories,
the memories of Celtiberian. She feared that the ship might also
die. Or, in making it home, she would suffer so much brain damage
that she wouldn’t remember any of the experiences they'd shared.
She wondered what had caused her to go through the reinitiation
before. Something to do with the infection?

The infection was deeply entrenched, cating away portions
of the secretion organ. This was a serious problem, and probably
the reason she was being sieged by antigens—her own proxy
body had been secreted by the infected organ! Such a situation
was intolerable, and she struggled to clean the invagination that
housed the pathogens. Slowly at first, Meroit pulled loose
cheeselike globules of bacteria, but the infection was deeper than
she could reach, She dug with her clawlike spicules.

Meroit felt a trembling in her proxy muscles. She would
have to clean the site thoroughly. Otherwise, she wouldn t be
able to secrete any more proxy bodies to examine future in fietions
or injuries or other problems that could threaten the life of the
ship and destroy the information contained therein. e

The antibodies attacked the infection as well as " pny,
not differentiating the one from the other as she tried to help
ap) nc Id not work efficiently, and she began lashing

oe arbi with sinewy limbs and sharp spicules. She
peta and in her panic, she inflicted minor lacerations on the
wall of the organ.

Soon, she started ak tit
started breaking into little preces

i ieces vessel walls,
to break little pieces from the vesse' Mls,
herself. Thon, she stopped. She

more of _77_
