“All right kids, no blood on the windows
Another bus ts on the way, and a tow truck for
The replacement should be here in a few min.
conditioning-”

Everyone breathed a collective sigh of relief and
of the younger kids cheered. Brad sat silent nee a few
long, deep breaths. He glanced up at Nathan bad ate sk
passed between them for just a moment. It was tine of
those
of them can ever speak of for fear of being called a pussy o
a fag. It was @ look of relief and of thanks, and also. . wer
of understanding. It was something that speaks volumes
without words, maybe words can’t even do it justice.

And Brad glowed inside. He knew Wendy watched the
whole thing, and he was proud. He wanted to talk to her
then, but he was still shaken. He had stolen the card after
all. So he turned his attention back to the cornstalks and
waited amidst the noise and confusion for the replacement
bus to arrive.

that’s good.
this old girl,
ates, with air

Exactly three weeks later was the last day of school.
Wendy climbed on the bus after school and looked around
for Brad or Nathan. The three of them had become fast
friends since the incident with Drew earlier that month, On
the bus Drew always eyed the two boys with malice or
lecred at Wendy and so the three of them always stuck
together. She saw neither boy today though, and remembered
that they had ridden their bikes to school and would meet
her at her bus stop after school.

Sheila paid no attention to the chaos erupting around
her. She leaned over, yelling and laughing back and forth
with the driver in the next parking spot. Kids hurled
homework out the windows, standing up on the seats and
cheering at the arrival of summer vacation. Wendy moved
through the aisles, looking for a place to sit. Most of the
seats were taken up. The only open seats were the two in
back. She didn’t see Drew at all and sat down, taking out a
Jane Austen novel from her backpack. She opened it and
tried to read, but the noise and excitement were distracting
and she found herself thinking about Brad and Nathan, her
first friends, She kept thinking of the way Brad looked at
her, as if trying to communicate telepathically.

A minute later Drew dropped his ratty nylon bookbag
in the seat across from her. He was sweating again and she
crinkled her small freckled nose. She scrunched down !n her
Seat and tried to make herself unnoticed. The bus lurched
forward out of its parking spot and all the kids cheered
again. A fresh wave of homework and old exams washed
Out of the windows.

Drew sat in silence. She looked at him closely and saw
the bruises on his arms and cheeks. For & moment she
thought that he must have gotten beaten up today, but she
Was sure she would have heard about it. The other kids
Would be talking about it right now if that were the case. | He
tumed and met her eyes. She held his g82° without flinching,

looks that sometimes passes between boys that none

but her palms were swe:
her seat. There w
really

. ating and she felt uncomfortable in
48 No malice in that gaze, no anger, nothing

“Did you getina fi

ght today?” she as -
Surprised at herself th; may?" she asked after a moment,

Drew said seldeartia ook an ages i

arms and shruze - ed down at his bruised

wih eged. “My dad was still drunk this morning
en I left for school.” oe

They we g
Mea tan fom oth plone
out a smile, Wendy sat watct at Wend y and to force
how his life must be. $ atching him and thinking about

: ©. She felt sorry for him.
“obespalt pri we through its route like a rolling party.
“epee ri pag to the chaos surrounding her. She had
the kids 76 8 on and sang along with Debbie Gibson as
imbed off the bus one after the other.

After awhile Wendy saw that Drew was watching her
more closely, She began to feel uncomfortable under his
stare and tried not to meet his eyes. She found herself
wondering about Brad and Nathan again, wondering where
they were and what they were doing. Were they thinking of
her? She thought they might be waiting at her stop.

And then Drew was sitting next to her. The stink was
almost overpowering, underneath the sweat smell was
something much more subtle and horrible, like old socks
that have laid at the bottom of the laundry basket for months.
She watched out the window and pretended to ignore him.

“I think you're really cool, Wendy,” he said after a
moment. She felt his hot breath against her shoulder, barely
covered by the strap of the sunflower spring dress she wore.

She turned and glared at him. “You think I’m cool?”
She almost laughed in his face. But he looked sincere, and
she saw the bruises again and felt sorry for him. “What's
cool about me? I'm just a new kid, right?”

Ifhe heard the irony in her voice he ignored it. “Idon’t
know. You’re smart. You read all those books. I can barely
read. And everybody likes you and you've only been here
a month.” His gaze fell to the floor. “I’ve been here my
whole life and everybody hates me.”

“Maybe if you weren't so mean to everybody
make some friends.”

He shrugged. “You're probably right. Hey, maybe we
could be friends. We could hang out this summer and I'll
show you around town and stuff, We could go to the movies
and hang out and have lots of fun.”

He looked excited. She felt happy for him and uneasy
“| don’t know, What about Brad and

you'd

all at the same time.
Nathan?”

A shadow passed over his eyes and then was gone.
“Screw it, I don’t care about the stupid baseball card,
Whatever. Those guys are okay, I guess.” He grinned.

Her stomach twisted itself into a knot and she broke

into a cold sweat. “Well, I guess we could hang out

sometime.”
His eyes
It'll be great, you'll see. I know all the

lit again with childlike excitement, “Yeah?
cool spots.” He put




i=)

in the Never-ending War in Rural Ohio

Two Skirmishes
