My girlfriend Marie tells me what I need from life will
come in some form or another. I’m leaning my head against
the smudged fingerprints of a payphone at a Shell Station
my tie loosened and the top buttons of my blue Oxford
undone, free from an interview at the Creative Testament
Marketing Firm. Marie says the subconscious works like an
autopilot, constantly navigating the soul. It’s intuition, what
Jung calls our sixth sense, she says. There’s a quaver to her
voice like she really believes these things. She clicks over toa
call on the other line. I wait, wondering whether she’s trying
to cheer me up or test her comprehension of some book she’s
been reading. Two children with chocolate smeared smiles
peek at me from the back of the van. A man wearing a fishing
hat fails to stop the gas pump on $20 and thumps the roof of
his Suburban. Marie never comes back to me.

After a couple months of disheartening interviews and
dismal projections in the classified ads, I’m apt to bide my
time and wait for this subconscious to take over. So I’m back
stocking groceries at Kroger, my fallback job.

It’s Friday night and I’ve just finished stocking the cereal
aisle. I break down cardboard boxes with my car keys. No
box knives in the Kroger stockroom. The master thief conjured
by my manager Phil has struck again. I imagine him in black
pajamas, suctioned to the side our building with plunger heads,
the box knife clamped between his teeth, soon to be added to
a stash waiting in a secret fortress.

A radio DJ broadcasts live from a club downtown and I
pine forall the activity I’m missing: beautiful women clinking
sweaty drinks together, marooned by guys in black shirts
and sleek shoes; all the gorgeous waitresses balancing trays
of colored drinks and foggy beer bottles and dodging pool
cucs.

There are tiny paper cuts on my fingers below the nails. I
suck on them and sigh. The sky grumbles —a dark front of
clouds swirl in the beginnings of a vortex. I lean on the doorjamb
to the back employee entrance and watch the sky’s hurried
movement,

I carry the flattened boxes to the dumpster. A fierce wind
ravages the back lot, rolling pop cans and discarded beer bottles
somewhere in the dark. I peer into the dumpster to determine
how much space I have to work. Jutting out from beneath a
cardboard box etched with a smiling Charmin baby are
sandaled feet, hair arching like bridges over the gaps between
the toes. I hurry inside and page Phil.

News travels fast among the inner circles of the Kroger
team. You find out something — something juicy, I guess - and
you feel this overwhelming propensity to unburden it and
share in its gospel. So a group of us who walk this labyrinth
of aisles on a Friday night, bound to rent payments and car
leases, we pass the word along and seize the opportunity to
do something outside of our job descriptions.

We stand by the dumpster debating whether or not to call
the police. | wipe cardboard shavings off of my pant legs.
Lisa narrates into her cell phone between drags offa menthol

ites . ,
ene
register. No one cant inn prodace coin daen ecko

OE ype in a produce code faster. Work is like
prison in more ways than one. The more time you spend, the
or seniority. At Kroger, seniority is represented in felt

s on nametags. Thaven’t worn my nametag in months.

Marie digs her hands in her jean pockets and shivers. She
has a powdering of flour on her Asics. She nuzzles against me
like a cat. The wind blows her hair in gyrating swirls behind
her head and I gaze at the shifting clouds shrouding the moon
beyond that flapping flag of hair.

Phil trundles out, his tie wrapped up over his shoulder, his
gelled hair coming unglued. He carries a clipboard with fluttering
sheets of inventory. He bends down in front of the paneled
opening, scrunches his nose and pushes his glasses back in
study of the protruding feet. | watch a possum bump its way
through the blowing trash, Lisa imitates a National Geographic
host, her accent contrived British.

“Hmm. Yes,” Phil says. He looks up at Lisa. “She call
9117"

“Rob Anthony broke up with Sara and now he doesn’t
have a date for the dance,” Marie squeals, hurried like a valley
girl,

We relive all the copious details of high school angst,
confusion, all the complex facets of melodrama through a
distorted squawk we have come to recognize as Gina, emanating
from Lisa’s cell phone. Not that I complain. It’s good to be -19-
reminded of those feelings, to let the nostalgia warm me,

“Tell Gina you'll call her back,” Phil says. This statement,
delivered in the same direct manner has interrupted many
beautiful daydreams.

“Is he dead?” Phil asks.

“| didn’t check,” I say.

“One could argue the lack of ambition and involvement in
society has rendered him lifeless,” Marie says and digs her
chin into my shoulder.

Phil looks questionably at her and looks up at me, maybe
wanting a nod of agreement. He hands me the clipboard,
stretches his shirt up over his nose and sticks his head into the
rusted dumpster. “Dear God,” he gasps, “it smells like death.”
Phil’s voice echoes inside, wanting to spill out into the windy
night, At Phil’s request Maric retrieves a long branch and hands 5
it to him. She coils back around my arm, not that it was Be
particularly cold. But Maric, like all women I’ve known, has oo
heightened sensitivities toward temperatures. Phil’s legs lift &
off the ground as he leans into the dumpster and prods into the
covering of cardboard above the man’s worn feet.

“He’s in the dumpster now. I can see his crack. I think he’s
poking around with a stick,” Lisa says to Gina.

“Hey! Get out of there, now. This isn’t any place for you.
Move on,” Phil says. A big commotion follows; cardboard
flops like sheets of aluminum, something smacks against the
side of the dumpster.

ben crites

The Dreams of a Sleep
