asphalt. He holds a

out and falls back onto the |
ack lines of dirt on

Phil thrusts
he stick. There are bl

broken fragment of th
his shirt.
“You won't believe W hat just h
“Damnit, Lisa, call the police,
himself up onto his palms. Marie squeezes :
throbs. I feel a necdle-pricking sensation in my fingers.
Over the dumpster’s dark opening @ leg dangles, the worn
pants have holes id I see scars on the knee that look

like tiny leeches. His face jow 0

sweatshirt. He wobbles backwards and catches the comer of
ht hand and feebly struggles. I free
feeling back into my hand.
d grab under his armpits and lift him out. An
buzzes from Lisa’s phone saying, “9-1-1,

y?” It repeats.

appened,” Lisa says.
» phil scowls. He pushes
my arm so hard it

myself from Ma
I step forward an
operator's voice

what's your emergenc
“What should I tell them? Phil, what should I say

says. She sighs when Phil doesn’t answer promptly.

Strangely, Phil pats the man down while I have a grip on
him. He grabs Lisa’s phone. “We've got a vagrant here causing
a disturbance. We need him escorted.”

The old man puts his arm around me like he’s my drunken
college buddy. He doesn’t say a word and smells pungent of
urine. His ankles are bruised and swollen.

“He’s not disturbing anyone, Phil. The disturbance is you
waking him,” Mane says, reaching for the man’s hood. He
backs away and collapses against me. “What's your name?”
she asks gingerly.

The receiving door opens and casts an enormous,
silhouette of Bobby, a pimpled cashier. He cups his hands
over his mouth. “Phil out there?”

Phil hands the phone back to Lisa. “What do you need,
Bobby?”

“Man, I’ve been paging you
99 up front.”

Phil grabs his clipboard and walks toward the light of the
stockroom. He stops halfway and turns to us, his features
dark. “Tell them to come around back to the dumpster,” he
says, “no use making a scenc out of this.” His shadow gorges
on the asphalt and a cool dark restores when he shuts the door.

Marie stands hugging herself, shivering. We wait until the

T° Lisa

for ten minutes. Weve got a

window and gesture him to roll it down. He smiles arrogantly
“Where will you take him?” I ask.

at Marie and drives away.
Marie stares at the oil stains where the cruiser had been.

drops ofoil.
clink of a Zippo behind us, an excited exhalation.

conducts.

far end of the alley illuminates and a cruiser pulls up to us, its
headlights blinding. A young, mustached cop loads the man in
the back of his cruiser. The old man looks like a monk with his
head bent forward in supplication. The cop winks at Marie
then slams his door shut with unusual aggression. I rap on his

‘ “There's a shelter on Third. He'll be all right.” He rolls up
his window and sits there for a few minutes, having a
conversation with his wave radio. He shoots a sardonic smile

wrap my arm around her to pull her to me, but for a second she
doesn't give as though she’s entranced by something in the

We walk back toward the receiving door, a metal]
‘ ic

“Gina, you won't believe this.”

The remainder of my shift goes by quickly because | lose
myself thinking and I’m unaware of the routine my ie
I think about the interview with Toten
Marketing. | see the striped Armani knees of the Sales Manage,
rise and fall above his desk, like the humps of whales cuhees
and submerging, as he crosses his legs. A man beside Ping
plump and pinkish like a newborn baby, sits with a tired
expression, reminding me of Alfred Hitchcock. He has a beauty
mark splotch of ketchup just above his lip. There are several
full cups of coffee on the desk surface, covering a laminated
Dilbert strip. Sunlight shoots intensely through a window
behind them and I squint and shelter my cyes with my hand,

{ think about the man in the dumpster, about whut
circumstances could lead him to trade a bed for a cardboard
dumpster. I think about Jung and his belief in the “sixth sense”
that Marie always talks about and I try guessing how he would
explain this. Would Marie still argue the role of the
subconscious? Do we secretly desire to make a mess of
ourselves?

I can’t find anything on the radio as I drive back to my
apartment after work. I fumble with the dial. The synchronicity
of commercial breaks among radio stations amazes me, It’s
possible there’s a universal time to plug obnoxious car
dealerships, carpet sales, and the riveting new cop drama; all
the ubiquitous schemes of marketing I feign interest in during
these job interviews, the soul wrenching business jargon-filled
meetings to sell computers, my God! I turn the dial with hope
of finding something.

Inside my apartment Howard Stem convinces a Playboy
model to take her clothes off and sit on his lap- He guesses her
cup size. My roommate sleeps in the recliner. His lower lip
trembles. Maybe he’s somewhere with topless playboy
models. The dog-eared TV Guide next to him is splayed with
six dead Bud Lights, Jackie Martlin
down the volume. The light on the answe
pulsing. No callbacks. No planes flying over

I throw some clothes, toiletries, anda
into a duffel bag and drive to Marie’s, hitting the
and turning the radio dial endlessly. Along the streets ees
bow in the whipping wind and I grasp the wheel 19 keep =

Geo from spinning out of control.

Marie has showered and smells deliciously of
and lotions. She wears plaid pants anda long Jesey-
are in San Diego and I’m ready for her pe
grins and steps aside, closes the blinds on epee She lights
arid turns off the lights. I trip over my dus! Oe jot
some lilac candles on her coffee table then
abyss of her darkened hallway.

T revel in the dancing flames and

feet, the hair on the toes and thick “4
is mangled, if there's something hideous he

mec,
