x we have never, | repeat, never, seen such a display
bul y

o. ynsibility

of "| doo't know what to say Mr. Hobble,” Timothy

“| don't know what happened. [ had this feeling
stu to think about it and before I knew it...”
and : sill Tim. Something must be done. Actions such

: Seek go unaccounted for. There are standards of
sie which must be maintained. A feeling you say?
ee think about it? Well Tim, I’m certain neither of
Sem iis is mentioned in your job description.”

it was at this precise moment that Timothy, taking a
breath in an effort to relax, hiccupped.

Mr. Hobbie frowned. He liked positive response to his
verbal counseling, constructive feedback. He was not quite
gure how to categorize Timothy’s reaction. Perhaps this
response Was due to a physiological imbalance caused by
hisexperience of electric shock. On the other hand, perhaps
it was this small employce’s way of demonstrating his
rebelliousness and disrespect for authority. Whichever, Mr.
Hobble didn’t like it, didn’t like it one bit. And where before
he had planned to give Timothy only a verbal reprimand,
now, he thought, perhaps he should consider consulting with
his own supervisor as to what the best and most productive
course of action would be.

Mr. Hobble took a deep breath. His lower lip popped
out. “As of this moment,” he announced, “You are on ninety
days probation. We'll be keeping a close eye on your conduct
and can only hope such an error does not occur again.”

Timothy twittered on his fect, his eyes glued to that blue
button, fear twitching in his upper lip. He felt at any moment
his moming meal would return and recreate itself in a colorful
visual on Mr. Hobble floor. He swallowed hard and managed
to release a meek, “Thank you, sir.”

Oh, how he had loved his work that morning, and every
morning really. Now though, all had changed. The balance
Was upset, and this, this horrible asymmetric state could
not be vanquished. His depression could not be measured.
He had lost the ability to immerse himself in his work, He
Would have cried, but knowing as he did now that the floor
was electric, refrained from producing the conductive liquid.
P He re-entered his closet and quietly closed the door. His
oo ‘embled, his knees shook. Reluctantly he pressed
i lution which would begin his work. The humming began,
ae it once signaled a deep esthetic response, it now

hothing but a thin film of perspiration.

at ag of the floor, he thought, Don't think of
thonghe » he thought. Don’t think of not thinking, he
ae quivered. He flicked a switch, cranked a crank,
rey 4 button and pressed a pedal. The dial returned.
Pre or through the sequence, the switch, the button, the
Agtin and pedal. A bit quicker this time. And again, and

S00n he was working as well as ever, floating in

his function, reveling in union with the work he held so
dearly. Then, as he reached the height of his ecstasy, a vision
came to him. The sight of that blue button, extinguished due
to his failure. A slow melancholy set in. The dial fell, but he
caught it in time. The self questioning returned and washed
through him. There was something he was missing, something
to do with that button, something to do with his work,
something to do with purpose. Purpose, he thought, and his
mind drifted. Purpose, he thought, and the dial began to fall.
Purpose, he thought and the floor became electric.

The last touch of the oriental contortionist drifted away
and he heard them speaking. His name was mentioned and
his awareness returned. He held his eyes closed. Perhaps
they'll just wheel me away, he thought, send me to my
cubical.

Mr. Hobble was speaking. “It could be that first jolt
killed a few brain cells.”

“I don’t think so.” Timothy recognized the voice. I was
Mr. Toby, Mr. Hobble’s supervisor.

“He’s always performed well in the past,” Hobble said.

(Hope sprang into Timothy’s heart.)

“Past performance doesn’t count for much when
the lights are going out.”

(Hoped died in Timothy’s heart.)

“We may be able to rehabilitate him,” Mr.
Hobble said.

(Yes, yes, thought Timothy. I'll be rehabilitated.
I'll go to classes. I'll work very hard and I won't
ever think of purpose again. I won't ever think
of...) “Purpose,” he muttered aloud.

“Ah-ha!” cried Mr. Toby at the word. How delighted he
was. He radiated beams of superiority at having discovered
this little man’s subtle plotting. He nodded his head deeply
with this new understanding. It was just as he thought.
Timothy, quiet, innocent in his outward demeanor, was in
fact, an insidious schemer.

“Now it’s all clear,” Mr. Toby said. “You've done all this
with purpose.”
“No, no.” Timothy mumbled, “I didn’t mean...”

“Mr, Hobble,” said Mr. Toby, “I think it is quite clear
what must be done.” He stooped, locked eyes with Timothy.
“You, sir, are the lowest form of scoundrel. Look around
here.” Timothy looked around but saw only office funiture.
Then he saw another board of lights. A wave of relief passed
through him as he noted all the lights were lit.

Mr. Toby tottered to the panel, “I want you to see the
results of your plotting.”

“But they're all lit,” Timothy protested,
“Lit yes, but see here? This button. | be
ty ? ] & you, loo!
closely at it. See how these three shimmer with dom see
But see here, due to your unspeakable behavior this la ‘
button, here. See? See? It’s dimmer than the others ei
Just then a buzzer sounded. Toby’s eyes went wide. He
