was doing damage to the ship. And the
damage was identical to the lacerations
she'd noticed earlier, Meroit had trouble
connecting thoughts in this temporary
body as its nervous system deteriorated
under the siege by the ship’s immune
defenses, but a thought was there, What

had caused the older lacerations?
She darted for the nervous interface

on the secretion organ. She had to get back
into ship's brain She couldn't let these
memories be lost when she was reinitiated
She couldn’t let herself go through memory
sleep again. She'd done this before, she
thought. She'd been here and fought this
fight. How many times? The memory
damage was extensive. She must be stuck
ina cycle of rebirth, fighting, rebirth. How
long had this infection been here? How
many times had she fought it?

For the first time, she considered her
own survival apart from the survival of
the ship, the completion of the mission.
Her proxy body was coming apart, and
she flailed, trying to connect to the
interface. If she didn’t, she would repeat
this over and over, degrading further each
time. Then, she would be dead and so
would the memories of Manchu, Jurchen,
Ol Cemet...and Celtiberian. She felt she
had to protect those memories, though she
did not know why.

The nerves were badly damaged, but
she could still access the ship’s brain. She
calculated that the ship would succumb to
infection long before it reached the home
systems. If she stayed out here to fight,
the ship might make it. But she would not,
It was selfish even to consider her own
survival when the mission was at stake,
and so close to completion. She was
charged with bringing the news of Earth
back to humanity. She was not charged with
bringing back her own memories, There was
no need for the survival of her affinity...her
love—for Celtiberian. She had to
communicate the location of Earth so that
humanity could find what it had lost.

She accessed the ship’s memory. The
vast landscape of human history which
Celtiberian had found so fascinating had
been gone since the stroke, the worst in a
series that continued to erase little patches
of ship’s memory even now, since he and
the other pilots had been killed, since
Meroit had been left alone. Now, what little

memory was Icft was being used to store

the information that would allow
humanity to find its way back to their
original home. She erased that information.

She erased the location of Earth,
though it would be thousands of years
before humanity sent another ship back
to the area that this one had already
explored. She erased it, and transferred
her own memories to the pittance of
ship’s memory left. Humanity would
condemn her for the selfish decision, and
she was ashamed of herself. She felt weak,
and not because of the pathogens—
though they were attacking her proxy
body with vigor.

She had been infected by
Celtiberian’s damned idiosyncrasies, his
damned curiosity, his damned self-love,
and she'd sacrificed the mission for the
survival of her own memories. She was
angry—angry, like no human had been for
thousands of generations—angry at
herself and angry at Celtiberian for giving
her the ability to feel anger.

She unleashed the anger on the
infection, digging at it, attacking it even
as the antibodies attacked her, She ripped
at the infection, ignoring her own
disintegrating proxy body, ignoring the
weakening of her arms, ignoring the little
picces of wrenched tissue as the
antibodies digested her. Soon, she was

flailing at nothing but the flowing blood.
Soon, she could not hold onto the wall,
soon her limbs began to fall apart, and
she broke up into fragments, carried off
by the blood to be reabsorbed by the
ship’s liver. She lost consciousness and
died once more in the blood stream.
a |

Memory sleep was @ discomfort
Meroit had never before experienced; it
was like having your brains passed
through the intestinal tract of a large
herbivore. She immediately began
scanning ship’s systems, saving her owe
memories for last.
