rolls tike dough, boils Ii
only sometimes, St
face

For Timothy time wa

track of time

s glowed in greens and reds, meters

On each wall dials ant?

‘ ches bent upward and dow nward, on

on the floor and a lever on the

ere buttons

Jeft and crank on the righ ) 4 etuare “ Sanat
before him and buttons behind him, rows and r

buttons; buttons like pieces of tiny colored candy that lit

and buzzed and clicked when pushed and there were buttons

which made no sound whatsoever.
Timothy could sum Up his oce
word.,.balance. It was all a matter of balance.

There were moments when Timothy would contemplate
the heavenly beauty of that particular balance: the position
of his instruments, the movement of his body in relation to
the demands of his environment. Lovely. It was 4 grand
dance of balance and harmony, @ symphony of equilibrium

upation in one

arnt oy actions and reactions. A button kept a dial ata
ere » meter falling meant the touch of a switch. A
courte od switch lit. Everything was connected
cee tan re. And he was master of it all,
—— ate! push when, which switch to switch,
was off. At times it a at pe: ge cl
ae angled. ort deans he himself was part of the
‘op lia fa rene pel performing a function, but
most peat cary sie sg at these times he felt the
position, immovably content,

During one of t i
hese magical moments of union Timothy
‘ th

y secure in his place and

ve rise to the decision itself. As he tried ,
define the feeling, the meter fell . Never before had it fallen
so far. What were the numbers? Forget the numbers, The
ed downward, and Timothy, caught in the crux of
and unidentifiable feeling emanating from deep within his
chest, failed to push the button which would return the dia}
failed to turn the crank which would relight the button,
failed to flip the switch which would reposition the crank

al which would justify the switch

failed to press the ped
and asa consequence...the floor became electric.

The jolt sent him upward, approximately two feet higher
than the height of a standard doorway. It immobilized his
motor skills, stunned his senses, and completely climinated
the cause of his neglect (that feeling of offness) by inducing
quite suddenly, a state of timeless unconsciousness. ;

indecision 8

meter mov

While in this nonlinear state Timothy's offness manifested
itself through the appearance/experience of a series of sexual
images which caused his body to generate an erection and
emita few sparse drops of seminal fluid into his undershorts.
Luckily this process went undetected both by himself and
his supervisors and was not recorded in formal report of his
conduct. These images consisted of female acrobats, oriental
contortionists, and fabrics, bolts, blankets of warm, wet,
sticky flesh. Following this phase he began to experience
the construction of mathematical abstractions, none of which
he understood. It was during the construction of a six
dimensional cube that Timothy was revived.

He found himself in his supervisor’s closet, one of the
most lavish, well lit closets in the entire complex. Timothy
awoke muttering something about a net, a triple somersault,
oii feat never before performed in a public arena.
roading « ctcos poles ims ia ek
aesthetic nose and eyes like marbles in their

“1, uh, well L...” Tim i ali
where he was let alone Coitee aoe = y
; ee his supervisor said, standing and pointing at
rab 8 ae They were all lit...all except onc. One
iit eta a one, fourth row down from the top,
Abs - the left, an inch square, protruding a half
ptt - he wall. Of all the buttons on that wall only
wae ut, and that one was Timothy’s. His body
pebey ingle exposed nerve, vibrating from the top of his

a © pinched oval of his butthole.
me wiki bate my board lit,” Continued the supervises
It’s our mi need. Regulated. Do you understand that Tim?
A sediay here, Balance, Harmony. Unity, Continuity:
upon, But nes torms of your employment. They were
ese ping: well look here,” He lifted a sheet of pape
to push the but ksmas ron en india ne the dink. fa
pan pep ton, failed to turn the crank, failed to flip th

and failed to press the pedal. Timothy, I hate © say
