delicately on her own

rouge glossy and lefi the

: bed
Then, she dau os 08

k. aubed
er) painted her lips Pp!

ing i t Thomas

Lincoln oy dil / aging it, but she go’
cob “peg orig barely having to move John
aw ane penn, Jefferson's suit was the nicest
ith vi n et lapels and satin trim. Jefferson was
ne ant have a waistline bigger
Now,

outstretched arms.

peg suit on herself and
peat the money Grampa had given

i into the
for the rings and candy into th
inside pocket. She wondered if

to hide
Jefferson ever really needed

i Hn sedi. The lio nse
of the president lay on th oor,
looking unready for his final
placement. Claire lugged the former
president out into the newer section
of the museum.

She finished her work and closed’
the black velvet curtains just like
Grampa had them, ready for
unveiling. She packed some snacks from the fridge and left
the museum, locking the door carefully behind her. Grampa
had left.a sign on the front door for Mr. Ackerman expecting
that he wouldn't wake up before the Ohio gentleman arrived.
Please ring the doorbell, it said.

On the way down the gully, she ate a sickly sweet fig and
molasses bar. :

IV.

The train station was already busy at this early hour and
she had to wait in line behind drowsy strangers to get her
ticket. She told the attendant she was going to Jackson City,

“T'm sorry honey,” said the gray-haired lady behind the
ew “but you’re twenty cents short.”

stared down at the five-dollar-bi i
begin to tata aed tae reba bill and felt her chin

“Gramma,” she said, sobbing.

“Are you traveling with your grandmother, dear?”

Claire shook her head and between little Pas
told the grandmotherly lady that she Was foi oT for air, she
Gramma Adie. She wiped her eyes on the sti fie pyisi her
her skin prickle, turning to buttery *Scket and fe

“Oh, honey don’t cry. It’s okay. I'll tel] YOu what
don’t you give me the five, and we'll call it even,”

did. Grace be to

little soul, Claire ey sent

dreamed of Gramma.
Vv

Claire stood up from the
black bench of Phir
Missouri air was uncomfortable to breath, but carried the
sweet odor of mulch.

“I can’t believe you’re here, How's
Ulysses doing? Still doting on den cichoceoa ae
his?” Gramma Adie’s skin had a gray tinge under the cheeks.
Her lips were gaudy crimson and the beehive wig she wore
almost matched the sky.

Claire tried not to scratch, knowing that her skin would
turn pink and she wouldn’t look pretty for Gramma. The felt
suit Claire took from Mr. Jefferson made her skin itch all
over. She tried not to think about the naked president she'd

left kissing Vishnu.

Gramma Adie coughed and took Claire’s hand. :
“Gramma,” said Claire, “I have to tell you something.
You know those letters? All those nice letters Grampa wrole

you? I—well, I wrote them.” z
“I know dear. ie"ll come around. In the meantime
Lyssie : Idever
