Being awoken from memory sleep is an experience that
Meroit had never before encountered, though Celtiberian
described it as something akin to having your brains passed
through the intestinal tract of a large herbivore. She didn’t
know what that meant, but it didn’t sound good. She also
didn’t know what had caused her restoration from backup
been a traumatic event—the
automatic process would only be initiated by a shock to the
system—something that damaged the ship’s brain,
something that destroyed her own mind. There would be
residual damage.

She immediately began the routine of checking ship’s
vitals—a task made somewhat more difficult and a great
cal more frequent since the injury incurred several years
ago during a close approach to a planet whose inhabitants
had apparently mistaken the thin-shelled metallic egs ofa
aame for one of the vastly more threatening asteroids
te pee their crowded solar nebula. The weapons they’d
‘ei elt a broad radioactive halo marring the ship’s aft. Its

Male innards had withered in the area like so many
meg peered biologic samples. Luckily, the blast had
the heart of the ship. :

ee imaly wondered whether the aliens were pu of
in Po ag spectrum that humans had left scattered a out
Was ake as they'd migrated the galaxy. But wondering
ot part of the mission—the utility of knowledge was

PLOpO rion: eae
log onal only to the extent to which it served the mission:

Ottace Pos ne there
Earth’s location. Then again, what harm was there

memories. It must have

in wondering now that Earth had been found? She'd gotten
used to Celtiberian telling her extraneous information and
she’d developed a certain affinity for the knowledge. She
worried that she might have picked up a few too many of
Celtiberian’s idiosyncrasies.

The memories she had inherited from her backup self
were approximately an hour old as compared to ship’s time.
She compared the ship’s current heart rate to the rate she
remembered. It seemed to be slowing a little, but was well
within normal parameters. The heart was like any biologic
heart, except from the inorganic polymer membrane that
sheathed it and prevented the high-current nerve impulses
from arcing across the muscle fibers. It pushed huge quantities
of bloodlike fluid through the corridors and body cavities
that made up the ship’s mass. Unlike the fragile, gas-filled
chambers used by so many of the galaxy’s intelligences, this
ship was one of flesh. This ship could withstand external
pressure changes that w ould make foil of primitive, abiologic
space vessels. Besides the hull, the whole of the ship was
made of living tissue imbedded with plastic spicules and
meshes and membranes. Its pilot was bodiless, thoughts
roving the many cortices of the ship's brain, entire ly wee
ina living dream but constantly engaged with be - y ae
supported it; a fully-equipped biologic cabriolet se :
the sparsely-populated chasms between yo cyoens: ~
information stored in ship’s brain was the on y crew spe
only cargo, and Meroit was the only one left to — he oe
discovery home— not humanity's original home; that was

nw

t
