woman who has both her kids jumbled in her cart with the
groceries.

I clock in next to Lisa
swipes brownie mix and cereal boxes with wild cartoon
characters on them and the register clicks and beeps. Her phone
is holstered to her hip and flashes with messages. She leers at
me over her shoulder. “In a future age everyone will use the
self checkout and I'll stand here reading the tabloids and chewing
gum,” she says. An older woman stands in front of Lisa wearing
a plastic sheath over her rollers and she rustles through
her purse in search of missing coupons. Two frazzled
Johnny Rottens goof in line at the Ticket Master 4
counter, their hair greasy and unkempt. I block their ~

at the first checkout. She listlessly

view of Lisa’s butt and they crane their necks side to side Sa

in frustration.
“Wasn’t that creepy last night?” Lisa says, tearing away a
long roll of receipt and hands it to the lady in rollers.
“ felt for him, for the crazy life that pushed him into a
dumpster.”
She turns to me and smiles and I feel the warmth of it
wriggle through my body.
“He was just lazy. A bum, really. He could be bagging
groceries at least, I mean the cop. . . ,” she said.
“What about the cop?”
“Nothing.”
“No, really?”
Her smile crumbles into a sad grin.
“He's a frequent shopper. Spends most of his time at the
bakery,” she blows a bubble until it pops and leaves me in the

wafted fruity scent of her hair when she spins around and |

places a plastic bar on the conveyer to separate groceries.

L peek over a rack of potato bread and buns. Those
pensive eyes are fluttering and Marie smiles and
laughs. The cop leans over a glass case of glazed
donuts and cookies. He holds a Styrofoam cup of
coffee in his hand and occasionally slaps the 5
countertop enthusiastically with his other hand as
though he was slapping a buddy’s shoulder. Voices and codes
gurgle over his wave radio. Sometimes he holds a hand up to
halt her and turns the volume knob for an instant. He grabs her
hand, dusty with flour, and gently strokes it with his thumb.
Then he shakes his head and she laughs and licks her lips,
keeping them moist as blueberry muffins.

I walk up to the counter. The cop composes a serious manner
like I’m some urgency transmitting over the radio. He nods at
me as you would any old acquaintance.

Marie nervously handles the introductions. The cop tries
to fracture my hand when he shakes it. Bastard, I think and
force a grim smile. We make weak attempts at small talk with
Maric acting as interpreter, My heart shakes at the bars of its

cage. The cop entwines his thumbs in his belt, a thumbprint of

flour on his black pants. Phil finds me and instructs me to the

stock room. I shy away.
“Gotta go,” I say, “there are pyramids to construct.” My

voice cracks. Neither of them laughs.

Back in the stockroom I feel sick, maniacal, too, like I'ma
bad actor jerked off stage and clawing my way back toward the
gap of light between the curtains while stage technicians pull
on my legs. The damn unsympathetic radio bursts out
“Waterloo Sunset” as a sign that this treacherous life wants me
aaa in a rowboat and pushed adrift the frigid waters towards

ba.

The thought of Marie and that cop bounces in my head like
a rubber ball from a quarter machine.

I step into the break room to catch my breath, There’s a
local news broadcast on the television. A woman interviews a
zookeeper. She tilts her head. “It’s a very dangerous animal.
Call local authorities as soon as you see it,” she said.
They show footage of a lion posing
with a different zookeeper at a press
conference. Then something aggravates the
lion and it swats the zookeeper in the head
with its massive paw. People scream. They
cut to footage of the zookeeper’s mangled
face, as he is loaded into an ambulance.
“Just to recap, a lion has escaped
from the Columbus Zoo and
Aquarium,” the reporter says. “Be
on the lookout,” she says.

I step back into the stockroom
and pace back and forth. Phil
watches the change in me from
mild employee to seething
madman.

I pick up a box of tortillas
and hold it fora while, letting
the strain pull at my muscles
as I stare off into Phil’s eyes,

his eyebrows arched like a
children’s drawing of birds,
and that rubber ball bounces
and bounces. I twitch. There’s a
centipede on the floor stuck on its back, one hundred tiny legs
kicking up in the air, and I drop the box on it. From its
perspective it must’ ve looked like the comet falling down
towards the dinosaurs, getting bigger and bigger until it’s
everything. =

| gather flattened boxes my diligent co-workers have piled
by the back exitand I heft them outside with a stinging sensation
of the edges cutting into my arms and wrist. [plan my retaliation,
pacing in the alley, throwing boxes in the dumpster. But soon
enough my courage shrinks. I fear what will become of myself
when I piss off the F.0.P. 1 imagine them at their lodge, tracing
my credit cards, cleaning their guns, idling in front of my
apartment in the middle of the night.

I cry, and although it begins with heartache, my stomach
sick and my bowels loosen. The embarrassment that rm
actually crying intensifies the flow of tears. I lean into the
dumpster and puke. Soon it’s just stringy bile; my gag reflex

has nothing left to siphon, and I thirst for Seagram’s V.O., to
