a

ee

for a story. It took nearly four years and three or
four takes before | got it down. Maybe, | haven’t
yet. My gut tells me it’s right, though. | love how
the idea for a story lives in the subconscious until

wu get it down. This one was with me as | drove
by fields of stubble, past an accident on the
interstate, and with me as | reveled at the
impossible synchronicity of my turn signal with
that of the car in front of me at traffic lights. It’s
true what Chabon said about writing being
porous. When you’re looking for what’s needed
in a story, it does often find you. That’s why many
pivotal scenes and moments have been written
on the back of ATM receipts or junk mail. The
spring winds of 1999 carried JFK Jr. into the murky
Atlantic Ocean off of Martha’s Vinyard. Is that
the Voice of God? If there is a creator in some
form, haven’t the Kennedy’s pissed them off
something awful?

Nathan McKnight, a geologist and expert rat
trainer at COSI, has written an intriguing story
on the circularity of life, one that is reminiscent
of Clarke’s 2001: A Space Odyssey in some ways.
It too has an element of recovery as the Memory
of Flesh is looking for its home planet. Claire, in
McKnight’s Elders in the Love Garden, finds
herself huddling up to a wax figure of Mrs. Hoover
while pining for her grandmother. Joe Bellomy’s
Concrete Afternoon, laden with deft detail and
imagery, tells the recollection of a girl’s
experience with a cult. Shannon Rampe--in what
may be one of the more disturbing scenes I’ve
read in a while--accurately captures the school
bus experience and adds more depth to the
already gloomy yellow mass. Aman tells what went
wrong with his life--why the bear magnets have
migrated to another refrigerator--to an
unsuspecting editor in Rampe’s A Cover Letter,
where style is truly an extension of format. | hope
you enjoy this second batch of stories, as much
as I’ve enjoyed watching them blossom, and
continue to support our cause.

Stay with us and we'll keep you afloat.

Ben Crites
October 2002

Se

contents

Elders in the Love Garden........... «4

Two Skirmishes in the
Never-ending War in Rural Ohio...9

"Deeb yictscsisccssicssessses 60dsdss0ecesersseeld

The Dreams a Sleeping Lion...........18
ben crites

The Memory of Flesh.......-.......-.25

The Recovery of Sunken Vessels...29
ben crites

A Cover Vetter ....2:.<s-ccossscvesseed5

Concrete Afternoon ........esssee00e037

about the contributors.......c..e0000-39


© Eveningland Publications, October 200
All rights reserved.

A product of Columbus, Ohio.

pops ay)

Z00T 4aquia.

qn]? .SADY] 3
