home on the run, @ cluster

enter of the galaxy. gory" ik

ne'd left

left, he slowly dev eloped the realization that F oa

something behind, Nobody really knew why they sea om

: 80

for Earth, and there was talk in some quarters er ome

sions ‘ B uctiv
occasions of halting the activity to pursue more proc

the grand discovery—but man's

of stars closely orbiting the c

research goals
It was vital to ch
conflicts, memory gaps, MINOT subsy
er the continuing function 0 4
pve oars a pasanive, Dipping the limbs of ove!
consciousness into the information flow from the master
brain, Meroit was relieved to find a healthy central nervous
system, The vitals check went on for interminable seconds
while she verified every imaginable parameter of ship's
function down to the subcellular level. It continued for
seconds on end.
Finally, she turned the sensors on her own mind. It was
here that she received a shock. She knew that reinitiating a
personality from backup memories caused minor problems
with memory—that was one of the many things Celtiberian
taught her—but she hadn’t expected damage to this extent.
It was inexplicable. All the information she'd been given
suggested that one could only expect slight memory loss,
possibly a series of ticks. Nothing that couldn’t be corrected
by the psych rehab programs. But the damage she was seeing
would require intensive chemical modifiers, It may even
require physical intervention.

In the middle of her own internal explorations, the ship
relayed an alarm. It indicated minute but rising levels of a
pathogen spreading out from near the damaged portion of
the ship. Hoping her own glitches could wait, Meroit
dispatched antigens to the site.

The ship’s immune system was supposed to be self-
regulating. It had a huge memory bank dedicated to storing
data from previous infections, Unfortunately though, much
memory had to be cannibalized for backup after the alien
missiles detonated. The damage directly caused by radiation
was serious, but it was all the attendant problems which
really threatened the mission. Clotting had caused several
small strokes in the ship’s brain—killing pilots, and wiping
out memory resources, it had been catastrophic, nearly fatal
to the ship. Meroit was doing many things manually these

days, working with incomplete information and trying to
solve problems that specialized cortices of the brain would
normally cope with. Most pilots wouldn’t be flexible enough.
For that, she had Celtiberian to thank. Most ships would
have died. She imagined hundreds of the ships sent out to
explore must be floating aimlessly through space, dead from
relatively minor problems, Meroit felt ashamed that the
human race could be so wasteful—and shame was one of the
emotions that had become foreign to humanity long ago.

Quickly enough, the levels of pathogen dropped, and
she resumed her own self-examination, Meroit was the last
of this ship's pilots. Most of them had piloted along with

eck for brain damage internal
stem psychoses—that
f the brain upon which

two or three others. They could keep each other free of
glitches and act as backups in case one or another died from
external damage to the ship’s brain or became corrupted
through repeated reinitiation from backup selves. Now,
having lost the three pilots who saw her into the world—
and a fourth, Celtiberian—Meroit was alone with her
troubles

The ship had passed through two spiral arms and a
large portion of the galaxy’s core over the last several
thousand years. It had hosted some thirteen generations of
pilots and had visited hundreds of thousands of planets,
collecting samples at cach. And it would have continued for
another thousand years but for the loss if its personality
seed—the subsystem that made new pilots—to the two
alien projectiles. It was Meroit’s responsibility, with the
communication systems down, to see the ship home and to
deliver the amazing news that Earth had been found. She'd
be delivering more if it weren’t for the damaged memory.
She had to be certain she’d make it intact without letting
little glitches foul her course or her progress.

The alarm went off again, and Meroit knew there must
be an entrenched infection. She wondered where it had come
from. Fighting the infection would be hastened by her
personal investigation and treatment, one of Celtiberian’s
tricks. She wished she could access the memories lost when
she had been restored. Though the pathogens were still at
low levels, she decided to flush the system again in hopes
that she could retard the progress of the infection enough to
get a clear view when she entered the bloodstream.

Celtiberian had learned a technique to fool the ship into
secreting, rather than scabs or leukocytes, a sort of
humaniform vessel for carriage of a pilot into the blood. He
was always tinkering with things. He had an insatiable lust
for trying new things. It never made sense to her, but he
seemed to think it should. Celtiberian had taken her into the
bloodstream once for no reason at all. He’d shown her how
to secrete a proxy body that could explore the inner workings
of the ship’s body. She didn’t understand what she might
gain by exploring the ship outside of the brain where she
lived, Celtiberian was extremely odd. She worried for him,
but she supposed that such anomalous personality traits
were the inevitable result of spending so much time isolated
with the ship’s—humanity’s—memory. The things he must
have seen.

She created a proxy body by directing the ship to secrete
a mass of muscle and sinew. The secreting organ was
conveniently near the damaged area; apparently, the damage
had allowed the infection to take hold.

She did a quick calculation to determine how long the
ship would last at the current rate of pathogen production.
Making antibodies was costly, and an already-injured ship
didn’t have the resources to keep up the fight, The only

way to survive would be for Meroit to help the ship fight.
Even then, it was a long way home, She was thankful for
Celtiberian’s idiosyncrasies.
