i, her hands went out, incised by a sharp corner of
er hands

foot slid ‘Oolee let out a yelp and ended up flat. On her belly,

flooring. the warm floor, her body exposed. She froze,

inst ‘ ;
chock 988 ant death, squeezing her eyes so tight that the

necting inst
Coes of bet forehead trembled.
m

Be strong, the voice was quiet in her head. She tried

one what the priest would advise now, but no soothing
oy agtaten pronouncements presented themselves, Be
words a r wished there was more, but those were the only
Beer abs bad. Sho wanted to ask him. “How? How can I be
words

inst the wrath of the Angry God?”
aataiet know whether to get up and run, or to stare up
into the face of God and take her punishment without fear.
She tried picturing the priest in this situation, splayed an
out on the chapel floor. The scene of his huge bulk
flailing in terror would have thrown her into fits of
laughter, if she weren't afraid for her own life.
Oolee stood up. She pulled the robe
back on, not bothering to make sure it was secure
or concealing. She remembered her father’s
stories. As a young girl, she had been shocked
that anybody had ever gone above the chapel.
Even the idea of anything up there was terribly
confusing. Her father described the Uplands like f
an infinite playground. She had never asked him *
what God had said. She imagined the face of the Angry
God smiling on her father and his friends. He was
special. She was special too.

It was the first time she believed those
words, though her father had told her over and again.
The Angry God had allowed her nakedness before him.
Truly, she was untainted by the sin of humanity. Perhaps
years of being ostracized was enough punishment for one girl,
Truly, she was special. Even the priest occasionally sounded
reverent when he admonished her for being ashamed of her fur.

Ofcourse, she wasn’t truly naked. She walked the last distance
across the narthex in a straight line, fearless.


“You indolent girl. Do you know you could have
brought the wrath of God down on us all? What were you
doing in the chapel during the light hours anyway?”

“I thought the light didn’t come until the ceremony
started, so I just...”

“The light of God didn’t shine straight on you, did
it? No, of course not. Now surely you would be dead if that
were so. You must never enter the light of the Angry God
again. Never.”

She wanted to ask him if it was really true, what her
father had told her, that humans could go to the Aboveland, at
least those with the goat in them, but she didn’t interrupt the

Pricst’s tirade. Besides, it was blasphemous to even think a
human might enter Heaven,

“The tiniest little hint that we're down }

you'll be the doom of the whole village, Our God ing and

god. You go and study now.” Urioy,
The cat skinked near the fissure entrance

the smoke. Oolee picked it up and dropped it Ho,
and

n

descended the stairs, with no intent of studying, In
found a corner of the goat pens where she could sit

SEAM, she
aNd Ponder

Bie

Oolce faded in and out of sleep, resting ona
heaving ribcage. The goats’ fur was soft, unlike anything e|
she’d known in her life. Moss was soft, but Rasy
scratchy, and even the robes weaved of goat fen
scratchy and lacked the sheen of the goats’ bodies
The only thing that reminded her of the
goat hair was her father’s furry head, Her own hair
was so thin and short that she couldn’t run her
fingers through it. She remembered playing with
her father’s hair while he slept. She dug her
in the goat’s fur and missed the strong arms of
her father, of which the goats were no Simulacn

2246

Oolee was roused by a noisy crowd. She
pulled herself up to look over the fence,
Goatwood was awash with people from the deep

villages. They bantered with the locals, and traded
their tools and food for goat products and other
local specialties. The bartering was vigorous, but
polite, Deep villagers seemed to treat those of Goatwood like
benevolent masters, and the Goatwood villagers seemed to
take it for granted. Maybe it would have been reversed if it
was the high villagers who descended into the depth of the
carth for all the major celebrations, or maybe it was just their
proximity to the light of God that gave them a special relevance,
Children were frocked in festive tunics that draped
the ground, some made of pelts, others decorative parchment.
Oolee raced for the village center, where her own celebratory
clothing was hanging in the priest’s alcove. The priest was
out, so Oolee pulled them off their hook and donned them on
her own. The outfit was light and delicate; she had worked
with the pale brown parchment for months, embossing itwith
gold and green, sometimes getting patches stuck to her fingers
by the seaming pitch and having to start again, The tunichad
a high neck, long sleeves and its bottom brushed her foot tops,
the goat fur trim tickling, On her head, she carefully
headdress made from woven strips of fine cat leather,
into loops that traced Oolee’s forehead, neck, and «
costume left no hair exposed, °
In opulence, Oolee walked the \
newcomers, finding it easy to avoid the gaze
were engaged in transactions, too busy
