omehow they were less deserving than other families

as its

aga hth Sg erentengais ogee iene the pig Pig vty creaked as | entered the basement. I heard =
I came to hate the pig slowly, over time, One thing did anyone ente oe to sense something was wrong. Rarely S

particularly annoyed me. At feeding, as it chewed the families back and y PeDe ps the pen at night. [held the knife behindmy “3

wealth, it would stare blankly at me, a gaze so vacuous and_ the light i ten I reached the bottom of the steps I flicked on“

bland it seemed almost blind. It gazed upon me with terrible sioncdsila eres to see this event. The pig observed me 8

pink eyes and the superiority of a king, as if waiting forme to There any; ¥, It Sorted with disdain as I entered its pen. a

aS 5
slides hepionee oppressive about the thing, Here was I,
‘£, Crown of creation subservient to a pig. | was

hot even its equal in th
s ¢ family hier fa" i
taken precedence prsowrni phir etre

supplicate myself before it, as if it were divining my hearts
desires and were snatching them and giving them to itself to
delve out at its own whim or fancy. There was no definitive
the moment when my hatred began but there was a moment of
decision..

7 € so be .
It was the day mother made me feed the pig and ask Dh, the pig knew. Somehow it knew. No longer was

: the look in its ey: 7
for its forgiveness. Oh, the pig was our confessor also. Of looked as apig enone Mee pip ae tp pst 7
§ yhen confronted by a man. It squeale

slightly and scrambled to the corner of the pen. I entered and
locked the gate behind me, I let the knife fall to my side in clear
view of the animal. It went wild, squealing and running around
the perimeter of the pen, trampling silk cushions and velvet
blankets beneath mad scurrying pig feet. I was quick, and
with an insane glee, | lunged at the beast and managed to grip
one of its hind legs. Then with all of my muscle and
determination I jerked the animal onto its back and with a

course you had to pay for the privilege.

I earned three gold coins that day helping Mr. Toby,
the blacksmith, shovel dirt into the back of his wagon, It was
hard work and at the end of the day I paused on the way home
to buy a snack and something to drink. I lingered too long and
was late getting home. Mother was furious. The pig needed
attention. It was due a wash and its linens needed changed,
When | explained to her that | had earned three gold pieces she
de — mie eRe re apchinelcs 2y - he ee force had not know myself capable of I bore down on the

g my palm he pig cat them beast and plunged the blade into its throat. Its squealing
one "ee ~ m8 it —_ finished it turned promptly as if immediately transformed into the gurgling spurt of blood and
dismissing as so farted a most noxious stench. Then it waddled air. I pulled the knife downward and rightly gutted the animal.
back to its silk pillows and rolled over on its back.. There is no sound to the dark wetness of spilled

It was then the hatred burned in me like a white blood.
ember from Mr. Toby’s hearth.

It took months of planning and study, but finally In moments a ruckus began upstairs and I knew the
the time came. I was nearly a man I had not been given family would come for me, I knew the consequences would be
affirmation by the family. But 1 would affirm it myself. And severe but I had devised a plan of escape.

as the sun set and the nights grew late I meditated on what | | stuffed the carcass into a laundry bag and before
would do and how I would do it. anyone could invade the basement I slipped out the side door.
As youth and strength and excitement carried me, I
moved quickly through the village. I moved through the streets

On that night I pulled a butcher knife from the drawer of unlit shops and passed the memorial bronze effigy of the
and tested its edge. I took g a moment to sharpen itagainstthe money pig in the center of the square. In short time I found the

grinding stone on the counter. A cold rod of purpose slid up exterior wall.
my spine. Long ago they use to castrate the things so they , ;
would fatten up before the slaughter. I think I would have I had climbed this wall my entire youth, so even
enjoyed that. As it was, I would just have to be satisfied with with my added burden it proved none too difficult . Once on

the slaughter alone. And that is what I was determined it the outside I moved quickly into the distance. I felta strange
Soild be : awkwardness in my face and it took me a moment to realize

that it was the result of the widest, maddest, teeth baring

Really there was nothing the pig could produce which smile my features could possibly produce.

we ourselves could not. Convenience perhaps. Feed ita chunk

of cash and rub its belly a bit and hopefully it would produce. : ne hs Bae an
Good things would pode: to you. But we worked to feed the 1 don’t know why ! traveled so far that night as } was

i / llowing me. The villagers had long
pig. In the end we were feeding it our freedom and humanity, there would be so 90 Be she ar bowie ha
our professional choices, our emotional stability and our since quit going ou

| c one i vi SS. Generally if

be ng The Plg gave us everyt ing and inexchange 4 keen sense of fear c onceming the wilderness.
* ‘ . . é; ; sa ity - Y were happy. On the other hand,
; . ? ; I could not recall the last time a

‘+ pigs wer thy, they
then? peahdpretes ei pig had been murdered. Better
But 00 safe than sorry ! thought.

The pig was heavy and grew heavier with cach step.
