“That's understandable. You're running around
ly begging for a knife in the back.”

He looked a little miffed at that, “Well, I'm just
trying to do my best. I’m just trying to stay alive. Anyway, |
understand that you are the fellow I need to deal with to
arrange a trade. You know people who might be interested in

what I have to sell, correct?”
I pulled a business card from my shirt pocket and

stuck it in his hand, then made my way into the room. “That
depends on what you've got to sell. Let’s have a look, shall
we?” I walked to the dresser where the briefcase lay shut. I
knelt down and peered carefully at the six gold dials, each
stenciled with a set of black numerals.

“Wait! Don’t try to open it!”

“Why not? If you want to sell this stuff to
somebody, and you need me to figure out who to sell it to, and
arrange the trade, I’ve at least got to know what you're selling.”

“Well... yes, but...” He twisted up his face in
obfuscated British knots. “The briefcase is armed with a bomb.
If you try to open it and it isn’t unlocked properly, it will
explode.”

“I know. It’s a Kocning model 472. Packs the punch
ofa hand grenade if you miss the right combination.”

“Couldn't I just sort of tell you what’s in there?”

I looked up at him and gave him an expression like
he was the dumbest biscuit in the dog’s dish.

“Oh, damn it all! Fine, I°ll open it.”

There was a loud crash and the door slammed open.
The deafening rhyme of a submachinegun erupted from the
hallway, and my mark fell face forward onto the bed. A red
stain was blossoming on the back of his Armani suit. The only
thing I could think was, “that’s gonna be a tough stain to get
out.” Staying low, I pulled the suitcase off the dresser and hid
behind the far side of the bed. Another short spray of bullets
whizzed over my head, lodging in the wall and breaking open
the sliding glass door that let out onto the fire escape.

I yanked out my pistol and fired a pair of return
shots over the bed at the black-suited gunmen in the hallway,
My heart thud in my chest and I rushed forward as fast as I
could on my hands and knees, cutting my fingers on the bits of
broken glass. As soon as I was on the fire escape, I bolted

down the stairs and dropped from the second floor landing
into the alley. I heard shouting from the room above me and
screaming from other tenants of the hotel. I ran across the
alley between two apartment buildings and another Spray of
bullets exploded the bricks a few feet from my right arm. I
whispered a string of obscenities under my breath and ran, the
briefcase flailing in my left hand.

A figure lit out from the shadows ahead of me, and
a meaty fist collided with my chest. | dropped to the ground
gasping for breath and lost my grip on the pistol. The button
man wasted no time in kicking me in the stomach, knocking
me onto my back, and leaving me dizzy. He raised that steel-
soled Oxford high above my head. I rolled back just in time to
avoid facial reconstructive surgery, Behind me I could hear

practi-cal

two pairs of fect hurrying down the fire escape. “Don’t let

him get away Roxy,” said one of the men,
“Roxy?” L inquired as I rolled to my feet and fumbled

“You dance the Can Can or something?” I was

still crouched over and gasping for breath.
j “Let me show you,” he said. He took a step forward

-. lew back to punt me like a football. As his foot
and See aie to the side, caught his foot, and
whist 7 a ick pin into his ankle. Roxy screamed, lost his
ab eS rll to the concrete with a dissonant crack. |
snatched up the briefcase and my pistol and ran, firing a shot
blindly behind me. Two bullets whistled past me in return, the
echoes of the guns were deafening in the tight alley.

Still wheezing hard, I ducked into another alley,
climbed on top of an aluminum trashcan, and leapt for an open
low in the abandoned tenement building before me. As I
swung over the window ledge, I felt the vibration as a slug
buried itself in the other side of the wall. I fired another blind
shot back at them, and rushed through the building, this time
hurrying up the stairs to the roof. Roof hopping was one of
my specialties in my youth, and I made good use of the
experience then. Most of the tenements and office buildings
were jammed close enough together that hopping from roof to
roof or roof to fire escape was nothing more than heavy exercise.

After I felt I was a sufficient distance away I hailed
a cab and gave him a messy set of directions in case he was
being tailed by anyone. Then I collapsed against the vinyl seat
and tried to catch my breath, picking the bits of glass out of
my hands. I hadn’t run like that since my car thievery days. I
tried to examine the briefcase, but it was too dark in the cab.
Instead, I pulled out the cell phone and called Evelyn.

She picked up on the third ring. “Hello?”

“Sweets? It’s me. Look, I’m behind the eight ball!”

“What? Are you okay? What happened?”

“That meat was a peregrine gone awol. I went in to
give him the third but some hatchetmen showed up and let the
daylight in, The meat’s on ice, but I got the keyster.

“Jesus! What the hell were you thinking? You're
not eighteen anymore.”

“I know. But this is the case dough. As soon as I
find my butter and egg man, we'll have the bees, then we can
sneak and buy that country home.” I put my fingers on the
latch of the briefcase, thought about the bomb inside. “I need
your help oes You still know that can-opener?

es.”
dime as it ne nn mumnbor rondy. I'm gonna drop hima
Don as I get home. This one is a trick-or-treater.”
My god. Be careful!”

“Iwill. [love you.” I shut off the
‘ phone and dropped
it back in my Pocket, Then I sat back and tried to calm down.

in my pocket.

wind

to drop dead in the back of a cab from a heart attack,
