The orderly peers down at Raymond over wire-rim 1;
__< and grins, his young teeth already yellowed by smoking. «
ao ves about the room and the old man’s eyes follow his
He gate that have appeared on the windows, the paddin
a engulfed the walls. These things were not thao
nts before, the orderly put them there, or perhaps
cod prought them himself. He tilts his head, listening to
Y pifiless whining of the other drooling fools. There is
in the old man’s eyes. The shimmering doctors and
poste et tt The young orderly stays, hovering at aged, featureless stuff She makes no sound, just clutches an
the edge of the bed. “ote .
Raymond mumbles incoherently, and his voice ti ard R. Oberson,” ree ee
the orderly’s voice. “Couldn’t take the loneliness, par cy The teeth of the machine cs pra the thin
7” the young man wonders aloud. “Couldn't take the into its wipes

ness and cracked,” he says as he leans over and snaps his

Jonelt : The

fingers next to the old man’s ear. His young fingers wrap around building, and Comte pari already when he leaves the

the pale wrists and bind them tightly in the leather cuffs grown nights are still cold. yea is An CREEN eae high. iy
-$ . Edward walks across t!

the side of the gumey. “What is it like to be old? Your i ite ei
ES iciog and your musc les atrophied? How long have you Hespete og pape rs ie gratti-taden fiberglass
been sitting in a chair in a dark corner? You look like you’ve next to him and he steps Sowd Aimed ard aoabockre
been old your entire life.” The tears stand out in the damaged about the old man in the hos ital What _ Lape
man’s eyes and the orderly screws a wicked smile onto his looks at the faces around hangin the ca saps ha

under her eyes. She i Sray-haired woman with large bags

3 other human smells, and finds an e! t. As the wheel
The orderly walks slowly across the room, gazes of the bus turn, they leave behind Steals! memories. ‘
out the window and shakes his head. “What does it feel like to Later, Edward lurches drunkenly down a forgotten

bea wrinkled nobody? Do you have memories? Do they mean street. He is laughing and muttering to himself and he weaves
anything?” The orderly walks back to the gurney and grips up the street, stepping on and off the curb. In one hand is a
the metal bars tightly. His knuckles turn white. “My memory green bottle nearly empty, the last of twelve. He stops at the
isthin, there is only the now for me, only this moment. That’s top of hill and lights a cigarette, crumpling and dropping the

youth, you see, to live in this moment, because this isthe only empty foil pack. He is thinking about the vigor of life, he is
moment that ever is.” excited by it. Suddenly, he swings the bottle around and hurls

The Mobius strip is turning in Raymond’s mind. it at the sidewalk. It collides with the edge of the curb with
He mumbles and his ears hear the orderly’s voice again. “I'll bitter accuracy, shattering the silence of the night. A small girl
forget you the moment I leave this room, do you understand?” awakens and looks out her window. Edward grits his teeth and
The orderly grasps Raymond's left foot and a wave of pain hurls the pink lighter to the pavement. It ignites with a dull
numbs everything for a moment. The figure grinning at him thud much like the time clock that Edward has already
shimmers, the whole room shimmers, and then the pain forgotten. A gout of flame appears for the Lect
__ subsides. It leaves him weak, incompetent, his mind twisting and then is gone, leaving behind parte but p shards

onitselfin paradoxical loops. The orderly becomes solidagain, scattered amid the ruins of a green bottle.


Walking Along the Médbius Strip
