“Respect the pig,” father began as always, hands
clasped together, head slightly bowed. “We, unlike other creeds,
know from whence our bounty flows. Respect the pig, our
sacred heart, our life, our joy. Amen.”

The pig was kept in the basement where they washed it and
fed it according to its pleasure. It was average pig I suppose.
Some families had more robust, more capable and more
productive pigs. Ours, well, it was adequate.

The pig ate money. And not just any money. It had
no taste for money that was not seasoned with sweat and
sacrifice. It snorted at windfalls and cash gifts. It was a fairly
picky pig. But in return for it’s feeding the pig provided. Yes,
the pig provided.

The first time I actually saw the pig was when
grandmother died. Mother held my hand and we went to
petition the pig of some assistance.

Mom had a few notes she managed to wrestle from
Lady Bee downtown in exchange for some housecleaning. She
offered them up to the pig and I watched amazed as it devoured
them. As it did so its skin glowed a bright pink. Then she
Tubbed its belly and preyed that it provide a coffin for her


poor departed mother. No sooner had she finished when a
knock came at the door and old Mr. Cally appeared with an
offer to construct a coffin free of charge as a gift to our family.

So it went. The pig worked in mysterious ways.

Yet there was something horrific about watching the
pig eat hard earned money. It would stare at you as it munched,
watching as if it knew exactly what you were thinking. And in
my case perhaps it did.

I’m not an evil man. Though now, out here by the
fire, there’s a certain joy I’ve experienced of late. It’s a
mischievous satisfaction with myself 1 guess.

The pig had held the place of honor in the family. It
got the best bedding, the warmest room, and the best
entertainment. They even put on shows for the damn thing.
The most excessive attention and caring was lavished on the
pig. It was bathed daily, powdered, oiled, all this
even as it was worshipped....and feared—— ~~

Oh yes, they were terrified F rightly
so... the pig had acruel streak. On many occasions after feeding
and prayers the pig would wallow and glow and finally produce
nothing more than a nasty belch. The family always pr
itself. As if somehow they had not taking propet care °
