Tangled in the wrinkled sheets my mother tucked in
so long ago, | forfeit sleep to the gurgling lawn machinery.
Outside, my neighbors push their mowers and weed whackers.
They will sift slow release fertilizer granules into their
spreaders and maybe apply a lime treatment to brighten their
lawns into glimmering emeralds. They will homogenize their
4,000 square-feet into the collective neighborhood. They will
persist

It’s Sunday morning, the weekend, what they work
for. It’s the motivation that pushes them through the stacks of
paperwork at the office - the thought that induces reverie
during Power Point presentations.

When you’re young you get by with the party,
working to slap the check card down on bar tabs. The monotony
disappears in frothy mugs of beer. The older you get, you
seek quicter, more reticent retreats,

I will never grow old.

I resign to stare through the glaze of my eyes at the
spackled webs across the ceiling. Oh, the cacophony. I moan
at the throb of my brain receding from the skull. Sunlight
hovers like a specter against my beige curtains, feeling for
cracks to spill into,

I put on the jeans and tee shirt balled on the floor
and sit on the edge of my bed scraping the crusted sleep from
My eyes. I part the curtains and squint into the light. Outside
the race continues,
ae oa across the street has a mound of fecal scented

his driveway, He wears a golf hat and a striped shirt

with a golden bear emblem on the breast pocket, He shovels
mulch into a wheelbarrow.

Next door, Walt stretches his serpentine garden hose
and mists his rose bushes witha Miracle-Gro formula dispenser
attached. Sam Cooke sings about his insufficient knowledge
of biology and history from an intercom radio in Walt’s garage.

I step outside over the pregnant Sunday paper and
stretch, reaching up toward the sun, curling my toes against
the hot cement. My shirt lifts and a purple dust bunny pokes
its head out of my navel. I inspect it, squinting in the languor
of the sunlight. Walt stares at me, then looks across the street
at Sam who nods like I’m the joke they’re in on.

But they don’t see me. They see the clumps of
fescue taking over our bluegrass. They sce the weeds in the
cracks of the sidewalk.

They see the garage door, some of it blue, most of it
splotchy green. :

My father stopped painting the house mid
brushstroke, Maybe the green paint isn’t the right color. Maybe
he threw up his arms and tossed his tee shirt to the ground,
speckled with drops of paint, where it now sits next to a
turbid paint bucket thinned with rainwater, Seotrepeth
upright under the gutter, Thick green paca ures
like a seeping spill. Some days it seems 1 has Dis
across the garage door,

I wait for my

into the bucket.
Maybe his am
feeling back into it so many

father to dip his dry paintbrush back

1 is sore and he can only shake the
times. The inspiration left him,
