“Grandfather,” said the girl. “All the firearms were

di and its metallic eyes peered at

¢ head tune sold for the move.”
massive DON” coming from my own throat. ae eere %
[heard a scream © adly.” The voice was barely The old man sat back. “Ah, yes,” he said, nodding
4 “shh... You're hurt oo to himself. Ree ta
ible. ‘ sk into darkness I heard the “How badly is the horse injured?”
oe Then before | sunk back into “| don’t know, they will not move in the darkness.

lip of a jar.
hed ptt They're spooked.”

“Did you see it out there?”
“No, it’s too dark.”
Again the horses jostled the wagon.

a lid slipping arov

sound of

Again the voices.

«1 ¢hink he might have been handsome.” f : : C
at criminal, Koshka. A murderer, honey.” What are we going to do?”
ate will they do to him?” “We have to drive it off. If it lames a horse we'll be
“ lives? That doesn’t concern us.” stuck.”
che thinking of the reward.” 1 watched as the old man closed his eyes to think. It
“Four pigs? Of course I’m thinking of that.” was very quick. When he opened them again he looked directly
“| wonder why he did it?” at me. . ; -
“Who knows why?” the deep voice mumbled. What's out there?
I could not respond. My mind had ceased

| felt a cool hand on my forehead. My vision was functioning. I could offer nothing buta resigned chuckle.

still blurred but my breathing seemed easier. I tried to talk but “He's delirious, the girl said.

could no move my mouth. “We could set him back on the street where we found

him.”

“The infection is spreading and he’s developing a

fever. The maggots have helped a bit.”
“Still, the leg is most likely lost.”

“We can’t just throw him out.”
“Yes, we could. But as soon as it was finished with

him we might be next.”

“Probably.”
There ws a long pause and again I heard the slow “1 tried to kill it,” I said weakly trying to focus.
rumble of wooden wheels. The old man shook his head.
‘Did you hear the noise last night?” He twisted around and opened a box at the side of
“Yes, Koshka.” the wagon. He took out the blade that I had carried.
“Stay here,” he ordered. Taking a lamp he went out

“It scared me.”
“Something is following us.”
“But what?”

through the front of the wagon.
“What’s he doing?” I asked.
“Look at him. Something did that, I don’t think it’s Koshka just shrugged her shoulders, Then a coldness
finished with him.” came into her gaze. “Ifhe gets harmed you won’tlive through

“Then we are in danger too.” the night.”
“Well, we certainly can’t leave him and the reward
We sat for some time in the darkness I tried to tell

is well worth a risk.”
her what had happened but could not order my thinking. The
horses had quieted and except for the natural sounds of the
I could see the hunched back of the old man from woods we heard nothing.
where I lie in the back of the wagon. Next to him sat the frail I tried to think, I considered my position. I was

body ofa young woman. She turned and looked softly at me. damned between two fates. Probable death if they left me to
the boar or return to the village and my punishment. My

I woke to a violent jerk of the wagon, frantic condition made me helpless and my fate was entirely in the
movement and hurried whispering. hands of this old man and young woman. And though it was
“Is it out there?” the girl was asking. not simple kindness they had exercised in taking me 10
“Yes, It’s wounded one of the horses.” nevertheless they had saved my life. My return to the village
A spark appeared in the darkness and a flame would give them some reward. More than I myself could offer
sprouted from a lamp hanging overhead. The boar was a different matter, Ithad its own co

: I pushed myself upward to a sitting position. My of action and that now concerned these people as
mind was still groggy and I felt far removed from the moment, myself.
They were rummaging through a large cloth satchel, [had no doubt the beast could lame the horses #8
The wagon jerked forward. Outside the horses they stood tied and even the three of us would pose litte
Snorted with agitation. threat to the animal. A wave of guilt touched me. These
“Where is the pistol?” the old man demanded. did not deserve this. nah
