ith the CEO kneeling over him. He felt

joke W Comic ‘
walla M gimost gagged at the overbearing smell of dead pharmacy, Wallen Were bent over a wire rack inside the &
queasy ' CEO was drenched in. ; The she sabelat tc busied himself with them while he waited. 5
ahsles tm aks like he got you, too,” the CEO said. teeth and when prope aai of spinach lodged between his ss
“who?” Wallace pushed himself up on the palms of head down like an fre sae looked at him, Wallace put his =
; amed disciplined child, his chin stubbl
pis hands. co-worker of te scratched into his chest. Blood rushed in his hea te hh ki =
; “That loose cannon co-worker of yours. We've taken heart pound between his ected shed in his head. He felthis 5
5 <i - b ™ 6
gre of him. There § need to filea gun As told Parks, Wallace imagined pp dark ts this spinach- =
r would be ablemish on this company. e’ve got stockholders eating pharmacist was let in on by th Lotaitts oye parce
* orry about. Okay, You're free to see a doctor, on us of knew whenever someone had ig el aKa had
course.” ried er?” ys herpes. He knew which women were having responsible
rapier <i sex, He probably surmised Wallace was depressed, instead of
Ha S tee" being a victim of panic
booms sit, it’s not attacks, Wallace thought.
' = bee “ Ss 9 - “Shouldn't mix these
his fault. se sly houldn t mix with alcohol. You don't
; sg : operate heavy machinery,
mind’s NOW closed on 2 h ° now do you?” the
matter. No violence ae © t ese wi t h al co h Oo L pharmacist said, clearing his
in a ee He 5 throat. Wallace’s face
| acceptable. You ve 7 d warmed. He wondered why
rest of the day off as long as ou on t op er ate people go to the same
you see a doctor. Go on pharmacist, Was it that they
now.” h m h only wanted one to know
The bleary figure ea vy ac inery ’ their secrets? Or should they
of the CEO straightened his ” run off as soon as
tie and scuttled off. Wallace now do yo u ? th (a conversation is awkward, as
swallowed some aspirin at soon as a_ look is

the drinking fountain.

Wallace drove by Martha’s
sister’s place, but her
Toyota wasn’t in the
driveway. His favorite radio
station was lodged in a
sappy dedication loop and
Wallace, enraged,
contemplated pulling the
radio out and backing over it a few times. He switched it off.
At the doctor’s office, Wallace waited over an hour.
He flipped through several pamphlets on liver disease, lung
disease, new age cancer treatment, and sexually transmitted
diseases while the doctor struggled to fit him in, The
receptionist was friendly with him and for a moment Wallace
misconstrued it as a pass. Her lips were wet and glazed. He
felt depressed that he would see the receptionist in such a
manner. These things kept happening, forcing him into these
uncomfortable circumstances, he noted, wallowing in the gloom
of the hard truth,
The doctor prescribed Klonopin. He told Wallace
that he had heightened anxiety and asked if depression was in
the family. He told Wallace not to be ashamed, that it was a

chemical problem in his brain. He handed Wallace a scribbled
Prescription.

pharmacist said,
clearing his throat.

questionable, as soon as it
seems secrets will be used
as leverage?

Deeder’s doorbell chimed
seven melancholy notes.
Deeder yelled from some
deep cavern within the
house. Wallace rang gain. A
jeep, parked in the
driveway, had dry mud and sediment caked in its tire wells.
Deeder’s yelling sounded closer. He said, “Answer the damn
door!” Wallace rang again. “Damn it!” Deeder said. After a
lumbering series of thuds, the curtains parted in the window
revealing Deeder’s scowling mug. A lock unlatched and there
was Deeder ina camouflage Army shirt and khaki shorts. His
expression was intense at first, like there were engineers in the
kitchen still harassing him, but he soon mellowed.

“Hey, you made it. Show’s about to begin,” he said,
composing himself, Per:

Off to the left Bobby sat stiff in an armchair beside
a slide projector.

“What's with you? Why didn’t you get the

door?” Deeder asked him.
Bobby looked over

inspecting slides in the

at Wallace and then went back
light of a china lamp,
