i he drumbeat faded and the procession
begeye . villagers, local and deep, following the
a he fissures into the temple-leaving

ty-Oolee let her quiet weeping grow into a
wit sag oe cine out like the braying of a goat. She
eepe naa a of one of the yeanlings, wishing she really
arp a unthinking and unfeeling, or at least without

a ae en cro tinlbats and villagers. She had been stupid,
oe ee rd almost dared to imagine she might have a
re sagege life wes a sealed scroll, like her father before
ary) oe mother before that, Nobody, not even father
as > d Oolee’s mother. Instead, he hushed Oolee the few
ae brought up the question. It was like her life was one

fd away
siphoned
> smoke up through t

ig secret. ; i :
* Now she saw it all. Her father had escaped the village,

probably in search of a mother that escaped to the Uplands
before him. Oolee looked at her own flesh. Her hair was pale
yellow-white, barely v isible. She had been left behind because
she didn’t have enough goat in her to survive.

No, Oolee thought. Her mother must have been hairless or
she would have inherited a double dose of goat. And if her

mother wasn't goaty, then...
Oolee was ready to accept the truth. The priest was

a liar or a fool. She already knew it was true of the rest of the
village. Now, it was obvious that the whole of Goatwood and
the whole ofall of the deep villages was an enormous flock of
imbeciles led by one huge imbecile, fat like a gimp cat, white
like ice. But, why had Oolee been left behind? Why, ifanybody
could defy the will of the Angry God, why didn’t father take
her too? It was a question she'd articulated immaturely all her
life. Now, it was time to answer it.

She'd intentionally ripped her costume when she’d
hung it up—did she really think the priest would care?—but
it was intact enough to wear. The climb to the top of the
village was short work, even for her long-exercized legs.

Oolee wasn’t sure how she intended to exit to the
Uplands, but she was driven enough to blind herself to the
future. All was uncertainty beyond a few heartbeats time. She
concentrated on her footsteps, foot in line with foot, She
eschewed the dance of the madman. Stupidity. No, madness,

She walked straight and certain.

Any route she might take out would take her past
the chapel, and she couldn’t divorce herself from curiosity,
She entered the narthex. It was packed except for a wide, clear
path to the altar. Drums gave heartbeat to the ceremony,
Slinking up behind the crowd, she wasn’t noticed by anyone,
All eyes were on the front,

“ig The Coming of Dawn was the only ceremony that
ae ee during the li ght hours. N ormally, cracks In the roof
ave rendered this room uninhabitable during the day,

crisscrossed with bands of light descending throug)
gh

timbers, nevermind the fact that everybody Was fos * Cckeg
) Y Was tog

test God's will; too blinded by faith to fing out whem ated to
convictions had any base. Now, the slanted Wooden t their
covered by goatfur cloth. All, except for one citcular hor
thick tube of light struck the shiny tile before the alton The

The drumbeat intensified, heraj ar,
children-cum-adults. They strode confide
Each one carried a wide basket, held out like an offerin
balanced the baskets upon their heads as they walked
one taking the leaf’s path under the eye of God. Oolee
completed her rite of passage already, she Fealized, whe, -_
traversed the narthex, going a hundred times farther pian
a hundred times more useless fear. She was happy to hi
been excluded from this farce. Ve

After the procession snaked its way through .
temple, the crowd fell in, enclosing the aisle, leaving room Pd
Oolee to sneak into the storeroom on the side. Her eyes, havin
gotten used to the unusual brighness in the chapel, didn’t se
the priest before her cars heard his startled snort.

“What are you doing here? I told you to Stay in the
village center.”

“I don’t care what you tell me anymore,” she said,
He gasped, but waited as though anticipating more explanation,
Oolee obliged, “I’m going to the Uplands to find my father”

Oolee’s sight was still painted with translucent
colors, but she could tell his facial expression was going through
contortions.

“Is that what you think happened? Do you think

& They
+ ONe by

your father went away
voluntarily?” He
chortled, then

stopped himself,
“Oolee, your father
was banished,”
“Banished
to the Uplands?”
“No
Oolee, your father
was banished to the
depths. He was
always a heretic, but
I gave him the
benefit of the doubt
because I wanted
you to be raised by
an adult, just like I
gave you the benefit
of the doubt while
you were still in the
womb, | postponed
the execution of your
heretic mother long
