r the glowing admiration of his peers before his
hm ops and they bury him in a mound of sacred dirt
ver,” Bobby said. He looked off into the night for
ye sag Hions of fear he had lived with.

the hov id on truc? I didn’t know that,” the mustachioed
n said, unbuttoning his fly. His gut seeped like an avalanche
mal his waistline and he burped some more. Light from a

cain candle whipped across his bulbous nose.
be Deeder marched out the sliding door, clapped his
hairy hands together and rubbed them. A penlight clamped
like a stogic inthe side of his mouth muffled his speech. “Ready,
Wallace? Man, this is something. He sauntered off the patio
into the darkness of his thick lawn and the beating rhythm of
crickets. Wallace stumbled behind him, spilling beer on his
jean shirt. Deeder’s excited voice echoed in the woods in front

of them.

“Bastard’s eaten half of my tummip crop, most of
my beets,” Deeder said.

Wallace's heart started jumping. He watched Deeder
knock off the lid of the trashcan. It was full of water dark as
the Congo, and when Deeder flashed his penlight into the

murkiness of it, Wallace saw the faint traces ofa steel object.
Maybe it was a Z-2957 steel grate Deeder swiped from work,
he thought. A wet strand of rope extended out of the depth
and Deeder fished out a wire trap with a drowned ground hog
inside, its mouth frozen open in its last struggle for oxygen.
Its eyes had the vacant look of something stuffed.

“You son of a bitch,” Deeder said. “I bet it has some
of my turnips in its stomach. Want to check?”

“Nah,” Wallace said, though he thought, “Christ,

what kind of twisted shit, this man kills over beets and turnips.”
“They're not

clever, these groundhogs,”
Deeder said and twirled the
trap on the rope. Water
dripped from the soggy

| marmotand made tiny plops

CE EOS

«a
You all ri

“Ah, it’s
Martha will be
Said,

ght, Wally?” Deeder asked,
Ae hothing. Mild arrhythmia, maybe. Afraid
erme for being gone so late, | guess,” Wallace


on Still upset?” Deeder asked,

oh lace Paused. He dug his hand into his pocket.

“thee might divorce me. She says she doesn’t know.”

on 't sweat it. Seems t
done it by now ifehe wis at to me that she would’ve

“Yeah,” Wallace said and for
N sop) a moment he tectered
2 we icy light, feeling ashamed to talk about it, struggling
= nst the maudlin sentimentality he kept hidden from men.
detec rane those defenses, but he quit drinking

ago elt tired. Still, hi j i
wens his heart jumped and his nerves

“You know in Sudan you can get an experienced
woman for a cow, Ten cows will get you a virgin, though few
people own ten cows over there,” Bobby said.

Wallace staggered, staring down ata strange concrete
goose dressed in a red, white, and blue apron. He watched it
get closer as he fell; his skull thumped against it,

Wallace drove home with an ice pack pressed to his
temple, embarrassed because of the small talk about his sleeping
around, embarrassed because he fell. When he had opened his
eyes, he saw the shadowy figure of Deeder’s wife nursing the
cut on his forehead with a warm rag and he wasn’t sure if she
was a woman he had just slept with.

The second episode occurred at work a few weeks later.
“Martha didn’t come home last night,” Wallace said
biting into an apple in the break room. A man wheeled a dolly
full of candy bars and
various snacks to replenish
the vending machine.
Deeder flipped through the
Metro section of the
newspaper. Residue of

- : , macaroni and cheese
in the a sivas The fitful engineer hardened in a plastic bowl
“ in front of him.
the patio under a lamp where 4 z iat {Mr
ict: led the MOD Int0 the, saa
stuck on the sweat of his thi
: : to have something to lug 3
aay Aart Di e stockr 0 om and they mulch or dirt in, what have 5
's dark shadows ;
4 you. Think these people are 2
webbed lawn chair. Wallace iable,” id. “1”
| aa na 8, reliable,” Deedersaid.“I'm  &
"Said his goodbyes, using his enclosed around always on all fours when s
Hi wife as an excuse for leaving, buying a car. Criminal |
even though he stayed later d bastards.” He looked up at .S
| than everyone else and didn’t Dee CN the vending man as if he ~
need an excuse. His heart didn’t want to include him
pounded against the bony in Wallace’s conversation.

| bars of his rib cage and he
placed his hand against it.

“| don’t know if =
she’ll come back,” Wallace —
