The goats slept fitfully, dreaming whatever it was
that goats dreamt. They formed a warm, fidgeting pile,
undulating with the sighs of sleep. Oolee embraced a small
kid. The dreams of the goats failed to disturb her. It was the
yeaning noises of a nanny goat that raised her from her hard
fought nap. She pulled herself out of the fold. Itchy and bleary-
eyed, she picked her way through the pen. She wanted to try
on her Celebration outfit, but she knew the priest wouldn’t let
her until she’d finished her lesson.


Oolee sat crosslegged on the edge of a landing near
the goat pens, The staircase was a series of broad terraces; soil
packed hard behind dams of wood, There were saddles worn
deep into each, giving the whole a Sagging appearance. It
Stretched perhaps a thousand flights above her and nearly the
same below. The great staircase dwarfed the whole village,
climbing up and out through fissures in the cave ceiling, and
eee in a pool of cess at the village foot.

eople milled around on the hi gher landings, some
nine returning from the ceremonies, others nude and Plies
€¢ practiced her letters, yawning. She carved with a little

knife in the foot-polished dirt, but she had trouble focusing on —
her monochromatic slate. Deciding that she’d gotten up too
early, she hurriedly cut the last few letters of the alphabet and
scrimmed back to the goat pens. :

The village had many pens—they traded meat, milk,
and pelts for food-moss and fish cultivated by those who
lived in the deeper villages of Parthenon, and Fleet, and the
others. Oolee’s goats, her only inheritance from her father,
were penned at his abandoned house. As she approached,
noticed two boys prodding at the animals with their fi
They wiped mud on the goats’ white curls. a

“Oolee Ooleeeleee,” they tured her name into
taunt. She stopped, held her knife behind her back.

“Ooleeleelecee, Goat girl, come and sleep
goats, goat girl.” Ff ;

“Go away,” she said in as deep a voice as she *
muster, She tried to imitate the priest’s booming as it
around the chapel walls. “I’ve got a knife.”

“Oh no, Oolee’s got a knife,” said one of the

“What're you gonna do, shear the goats, ’
yourself?” the other asked. They both let out i
giggles. One of them, the taller of the two, flung a ¥%
at her. a
