o thank my father for understanding these concerns
ack in the envelope and add it to a pile of

etscript t
1d the letter b
nthe countertop. The cat squeaks and rolls into a ball,

po
1 fo
clutter o
of Fawn’s cigarette brightens as she inhales then
ri espatches of smoke lifting into the moonlight. She sits on
“i porch rocking in a wicker chair, wearing my mother’s exotic
power dress. There used to be a picture of my mother wearing

the mantle. In the picture she’s at a beach in Rio de
with my father, both of their faces bright and sun

Th cherry

it on
Janeiro

burnt. “ :
Far off a dog crics to be let back in a house

c. It’s quiet enough to hear its rattling chain. The
ight are a vacuous place where simple sounds like
hut will tremble through the yards. It’s the quiet
resolution of the morning bustle, beginning bright and clear
and then fading into the cold pallor of dusk with all the TV’s
blue squares onto the glazed lawns.

Fawn walks to the end of her driveway and flicks
her cigarette in the strect. I grab a moth and hold it to the lens
of my flashlight and shine
a monstrous Mothra
silhouette onto her garage
door. The moth flutters
its wings between the
pinch of my fingers. It
glides over the towering

somewher
suburbs at n
a car door Ss!

flashing

madman

buildings of Tokyo
shricking to wake
Godzilla from its

subterrancan dreams.
Fawn’s eyes widen in the
light.

“Christ,” she
says. She looks down at my mother’s dress she’s wearing.
“I'm sorry. They didn’t sell and I just tried this one on and
haven't taken it off yet.”

“It’s okay. You should keep them if you like them,”
I say.

“This one is pretty, don’t you think?”

“Yes, it is,” | say and suddenly I’m standing in the
doorway of my parents bedroom. | hear the running water of
my father shaving in the bathroom. My mother twirls in front
ofa mirror. She tells me what a bargain it is. She asks me what
I think.

“Let's walk and smoke the rest of those cigarettes,”
say.

Fawn and I laugh through the streets named after
some local council members we don’t know. But it’s our world
now. The routines of the nine-to-fivers have cast somnolent
rai over the neighborhood and it’s peaceful, watching moths
hh their heads against streetlamps, listening to the susurrus

ter of hidden insects.
oe. Fora while we feel like we're the only ones aliye on
Planet, like that Twilight Zone episode, until two women

“Christ! What kind of

classical music?”

jog by, their nylon
conversation betw
nub and flick the
disappearing side

Jumpsuits chaff
cen their breath,

Speckled filters
walk behind us,

ff as they choke out a
We smoke cigarettes to the
rolling into the gaps of the
I fall behind to tie my shoe

remembering myself

from sale rack to sale
malls,

S a boy fretfully following my mother
rack in department stores and shopping

A eo
couple streets over from my father’s house there’s

& new cul-de-sac nn
after this Lica re, na probably to be named
houses being built. ft sosande ts Goan ae rata
accompaniment, some sort oon ep Oboe with French horn
fence is enclosed around a bu 5p iat alee eae
long boards extend from the ei of scrap waste. Stacks of
Ws gravel darkness of the garage. The
use Is just a bare skeletal structure. There’s an addn
painted ona large wooden plank that leans agai ep
Raveral SE tha serckieia cs gainst the garage.
‘ ¢ same planks serve as a walkway to the open
ront door. A small lamp is clamped to one of the long boards,
its orange glow shimmers
on a longhaired, bearded
man sanding the end of a
board. Fawn stops and
stares.

I move toward the
plank walkway, creeping
carefully so not to step
on any of the
construction adhesive
tubes scattered around
the mud and rocks of the
front yard. Fawn
trembles at the end of the
driveway, now a mud hole housing the dirty tires of an old
Chevette, every inch of it covered in dust, supplying all of the
bored neighborhood scooter posses an easel for their “wash
me” renderings. 1 wave over Fawn, but she’s still trepid so |
grab her by her hand and squeeze a little confidence into her.
She submits and I feel the sweaty quaver of her hands. Mud
has caked the bottom of my shoes. The man inside clears his
throat and Fawn tenses up. She’s probably revisiting our
childhood warnings to stay away from construction workers
issued by our parents, maybe envisioning the drunk evil we're
welcoming, an inhibition hammered in by the over
protectivencss of mothers, all of us forced to stay in and ve
Super Mario Brothers instead Be ere. our thrills in

+ 1g darkness of the outside Wore
ones We play asilent little game of tug-o-war fora second

ike ’mtry! { her into.a swimming pool.
d she fights like | mitrying to pul >
“pipe I’ve done this sort of thing once too often to be surprised,

but 1 persist. : ndation of the front
We mount the cl has stopped so we

dL only hear we My heart thumps.

listens to

nder block fou
c, The sanding
porch an the plank floor.

listen for echoing steps %

in crites

njamin

be
