enough
father did. ‘
Oolce faultered, tears wetting her eyes. I can} 4
yes. e

prue, she thought. ;

“Your mother died right out there, under the eye of
the Angry God. Right where the children of a dozen Pious
mothers are becoming adults as we speak. Go to the surface :
you like. Or better, stand in the light of God for all to see. Set
an example for any other would-be heretics. Do what you
want. Lam done with you. And I have a ceremony to perform.”

He pulled a robe over his head and left her, pushing
his pompous way through the crowd and leaving the door to
swing shut with a slam. Oolee collapsed against the peat bricks,
still ajumble from when she dug for the wet and tattered robe.
The hairless kitten mewed at her, rubbing its face against her
side. She swatted it away. She had to will herself not to throw
the poor thing across the room.

Oolee looked up, as if to address God. /t was nor
true. The priest was a liar, she told herself. She knew it wasn’t
true. The light of God would kill nobody. She'd seen that for
herself. She wished she could see that light through the ceiling
now. Through flowing tears, she saw that the draperies that
shielded the storeroom from the light were connected through
high-up holes in the wall to those that shielded the chapel.

She swung herself up onto the main joist, thinking
she might be able to reach the ties, but only failed in this, too.
Though it thrust diagonally, impaling the wall, the joist was
too steep to climb. Maybe the axe? No, the axe wouldn’t be
long enough.

Still, she lowered herself to the ground and picked
up the axe. Its sharp head would crush the priest’s bald skull
if he came in here to execute a heresy sentence upon her. She
hefted it and took some swings at the air. She jumped, swinging

at the curtain ties. She wanted to bring the draperies down; to
show everyone the Light of the Angry God was nothing to
fear, to expose the stupidity to everybody; especially God.

Most of all though, she wanted to escape. With a
wild yell, Oolee smashed a hole in the low end of the ceiling. A
tiny ray of light entered the dark room. She swung hard,
enlarging the hole first to the size of a fist, then to a gaping
maw.

for you to be born. Now you defy me just like Vou
) rT

The door swung open with a screach, letting more
light pour in, bringing with it more people. They surrounded
her, but stood by, stupefied. Oolee had enlarged the hole wide
enough to crawl through. She would escape. She would go into
the arms of the Angry God. She would show the village, she
thought. Oolee huffed and took a swing at the main joist.

“There’s nothing to fear,” she said to those near
enough to hear her quiet voice. Two or three swings later and
She would bring the whole roof down on them.

“Kill the goat girl!” shouted a child’s voice.

The crowd pressed forward, throwing her to the
floor. She flailed the axe at random, but didn’t have enough
foom to swing. Then, somebody pulled it from her hands. It

already stan ted, “Look. The light.” Though I

Spa din, eh pgp:
Angry God, nobody pra light, under the vision of the
her.

a An adult
confused eyes. She

“Stop,”


hefted the axe and looked at Oolee with
Just snecred,

The pries

by ieee re Priest cleared a path to Oolee. He grabbed her
RA ¥ 'pped her gown from her, “You have never become
he pty never be an adult, Oolee. You may not wear
Stume of adulthood.” With nowhere else to throw it, he

sent sai
the tunic sailing to the crowd. Oolee stood naked.

oe Oolee must be punished. But-we will not kill her.
ctics will suffer the wrath of the Angry God.”

A The priest lifted Oolee up by the arm, and others
ee es! body through the jagged hole she
was only a mild dist an ee ip lapentn theo fe
that surrounded he ‘0 tee’ ee adda ptibic eee
crowd plucked tat + ‘olce’s eyes burned. The noise of the
strike hard soil, Sh sik bereneees bc = bac hoes a

ard soil, She felt heat on her back like a gigantic warm
hand.

; Oolee only remained splayed out on the ground for
an instant. Then, she stood and staggered ahead. The ground
was covered with sharp things that poked into her tough
calluses. Through squinted eyes, she scanned the washed-out
greens and blues of an Upland world as beautiful as she never
could have imagined.

A dusty incline sloped down to leafy greenery. There
were wide, regular paths that seemed to be made of pitch,
crisscrossed in cracks, bearing little plants here and there. The
light was hot, but there was what looked to be water down
below, As she walked on the jagged pediment, her skin began
to prickle, Her hairs stood on end.

There were houses that looked like they’d been
empty for eternity, clustered around a large, ovoid pool of
water, It was so very hot, and little beads of moisture appeared
on her brow. Her skin was crying. She had never experienced
anything like it. Where was her father?-her mother? Oolee
scratched her shoulders, and where she scratched, it burned.

As she hiked downhill, her skin began to burn more
and more. It became nettlesome, annoying. Soon, it became a
fire all over her back. She hiked, weeping towards the houses,
but distances were decieving out here. She couldn’t tell how
far was left to go. There was no shade between herself and the
pond, Her skin seared with pain. She could hardly breath,
hardly walk. She reached up and touched the crown of her
head, It was blistered, So was the back of her neck.

Maybe she could go back, ask for forgiveness from

i k. She
i She turned around to see how farit was bac -Sh
AN oe as long as the great staircase In

had come a long way, maybe
