over, the sky spins above me and I almost fall over. I sce an
owl perched on the apex of our roof, its breast puffed out and
head jerking to the side. Its talons clamped to loose shingles.
“Hoo-hoo-ha-hooah,” I hoot. The owl is quiet and motionless
like some stone gargoyle or statue. Its eyes stay focused on
my as I walk in the house.

. Inside my father sleeps on the couch, the open TV
Guide rising and dropping with the movement of his chest.
The TV is off air and the black and white speckles of white
noise fill the room with the sound of rushing water, My mother’s
cat lies on the kitchen table, scanning out the window for the
stealthy critters of night. I pass my parents’ bedroom in the
hall upstairs. I stop, lean my wobbling body against the
doorframe of my bedroom, and go back to my parent's room
and flip the light on. There's the violet comforter and all the
matching paintings and fake flower arrangements sitting
placidly under the dust. I turn off the light, fall into their bed
and dream about finding my first bicycle, which was sold
many years ago in a garage sale. In my dream, I find it in acave
on the gray beach of a desert island one stormy night.

Just after six the next evening, I arise from my dark
room to someone pounding on the front door, I squint at the
light that pushes through the open door and it's a shadowy
figure of Luci, grinning like a politician.

“Is your father home?” he asks,

“Nope,” I say, drooping at my pulsing hangover.

“Clearly that’s his car in the driveway,” he says and
points at my father’s Accord.

“Clearly,” I say.

“Did you give him the letter? I thought for sure he’d
call. | want to make sure he understands our point of view on
the matter.”

I start to close the door but Luci wedges his foot in.

“Our intentions are for the good of the community.
He understands that?” he asks.

“Clearly,” I say.

Luci scoffs down the driveway, the lapels of his suit
jacket lifting against his stride.

1 walk the hallway to the family room. The house is
dark except for the lamp on the end table by my father’s chair,
which casts a soft glow on a large U-haul box. It sits in front of
my father who has kicked off the loafers and his black socks

are in balls beside them. His tie is loose around his neck. He
looks at me and puts a finger to his lips to shush me, then
waves me over. I stand over the box and my father looks wild,
his eyes beady and intense. | watch his hairy knuckles, the
wedding ring still on his finger, as he methodically lifts each
box flap. Inside the box is a one-eyed Great Horned Owl. The
socket of the missing eye has crusted blood and white puss in
a mesh of pink and red. The owl stands stiff as the night
before, though I can’t be sure it’s the same owl, Its plumage of
brown and white tufts of feathers expands and contracts. We
are silent in the hold of its single eye.

“I’m going to the animal hospital,” he says. “You're
on your own for dinner.”

I watch my father load the box in the back seat of his
Accord. He hurries into the driver’s seat and speeds out of the
driveway and disappears from my view at the window behind
Walt’s massive poplar.

I eat a ham sandwich while | flip through the TV.
Someone has found an easy way to clean gutters. Someone
has found a perfect way to make an omelet. I find nothing so
I steal a six-pack from my father’s Monday Night Football
stock of Miller Light and decide to visit Stryper. It’s quiet in
the gloaming of the neighborhood. All the busy bees are nesting,
all the garage doors shut, and all the dinner plates stacked in
the kitchen sink.

It’s nearly dark when I shuffle through the gravel
driveway and up the planks of Stryper’s construction site,
This time there isn’t any classical music playing.

Inside I find Stryper tied up in an uninstalled
bathtub, his hands bound with copper wire, his eyes cut and
swollen, his mouth taped shut. He’s wearing only a shabby
pair of boxers. When I reach to pull the tape from his mouth,
tires dig into the gravel. The house is lit with the headlights of
four cars. | kneel down to Stryper and place my hand on the
back of his head to support his neck. I shield my eyes from
the light, I see dark figures stepping out of the cars. Some of
them are carrying shotguns, They all seem to be wearing suits.
Stryper doesn’t look forward, but into my eyes. His bangs are
crusted with blood. The steps crunching in the gravel get closer,
but the light . . . it’s penetrating. The shapes cast shadows
over us, but I look off beyond them, squinting blindly into the
white light, thinking this is a dream, that I’ll wake to the scent
of fried bacon and my mother rummaging through cupboards
in the kitchen,
