Cae

OGOGagrOt



Oment I saw him that this guy
sta tah ly Saunters in here on a Tuesday
Carrying an Italian tees ive suit, black sunglasses, and
the guy ke athe briefcase. If that wasn’
sf, : asn't bad enough,
packing iad bhi in his coat pocket, a sure sign that he's
3 4 a ied z
sce is rine os eat and looking around to see if
; / § him. Hell, of
Gildea), t » Of Course people were on his
ease at least three shadows, some teenage punk girl, a
re = tania and a blonde guy in a Yankees jacket
: 0 be from out o ay Zven
if hea was esl aie f town, way out of town, Even

! boob he'd have oe
had more sense than that in kindenilirieail a aaa
The g :

age ‘uy made no pretense about what he was doing
arched right up to my desk and leaned over. pulling
us sunglasses down to the tip of his nose. “I need some
information,” he whispered in a fake British accent

I turned around and looked u
ed an a p at the sign hanging
above my desk. “INFORMATION” was printed in large white

block letters on a brown sign. “Well, it looks like you got the
right desk, Mac. Give me an authot’s name and I can throw
you the title, or vice versa. You'll have to check over at the
circulation desk to see if it's in right now. If you're after
Fleming, they're probably all checked out.”

“Ah, no. Forgive me, | don’t think you understand.
I have some confidential files,” he said this with a hiss, “that
1 think would interest quite a few people around here.” He
took his hand out of his pocket and patted his briefcase. His
fingers left an oily smudge on the fine leather, assuring me that
he was indeed carrying a pistol in his pocket.

I decided to continue with my ignorance routine,
only to squeeze a little something out of him for the sake of
the guy in the Yankees jacket. He'd helped me out a few times
before by dropping me headers about who was coming in or
passing notes on the library steps. The front of the Public
Library is a popular meeting place because its out in the open
and fairly safe. Few people are ever clipped there, too much
traffic. And besides, it was sort of a given that it was neutral
ground. As neutral ground as anywhere in this city, 1 guess.
“What kind of files, Mac? Hey, Mac, files, that’s kind of
funny, ain’t it? Like computers, you know?”

“Look, Mister...” he glanced down at the brass
nameplate in front of me. “Anderson...”

“Just Anderson, cut the Mister, Mac.” ‘

“Anderson, excuse me. I don’t think ! can say right
now.” He leaned close again and whispered. “I think there is a

i lowing me.” é
ae eye doc't say?” I gave him my best expression of
surprise. “There’s at least two other pres pene
Mac.” The punk girl sneered at me over the top 0

Stone magazine she was leafing through.

The man looked around him again, clutching the

briefcase. “Who? Who else?”

W from the m:

1 kne
Was 4 “
a hack. | Mean, nobod

afternoon we.
