“Hi Ruth. What are you drinking? Whatever it is,
order another on me.” She signaled O*Mally, who filled a heavy
tumbler with ice and bourbon, “How are things? You still

Ronny nodded and smiled. “Enough. Just the natives
ht, well, except for earlier.” | raised my eyebrows.

n here tonig’ ; ‘
Xs cute. | love a British accent, it’s so sexy. I've

“Oh he was . . +
Iways been such a sucker for the Sean Connery type.
meee “God, you're such a hopeless romantic. At least the

doing all right?”
She turned and glared at me through those milky

eyes, the irises half blanketed by cataracts. “If you mean, am
I ready to retire myself to an old folks home, you can kiss my
black ass. I may take a little longer to get around, and I suppose
I might have to get me a wheelchair one of these days, but I'll
be dead drunk before | wind up in one of them places. You
know they don’t let you drink in there, don’t you? Besides,
under my beer mug, I'd be bored. What am I gonna do, trade cigarettes to find out
“ “And [think he’s got some good information. Worth who's wearing dirty underwear that day?
“Ruth, Ruth, [’m sorry. That’s not what I meant.”

a lot maybe.” 7} ¥ Me :
I slid a fifty across the table this time. “And?” Well then, I’m just fine. Now what’s the dig on

“And I think it’s dangerous. Very dangerous. Your
mark works for MegaSoft’s British division, or did. He’s a
scientist from their biological engineering department. Secret
stuff going on over there | hear, growing sentient animals,

bird wasn't acting like Bogey.” he
Ronny clasped his hands and looked up at the ceiling,

wishing on a star. “If only...”
“So what’s that gee’s deal?”
“Well, he’s straight, but I’m working on him.”
“And?” I slid a twenty-dollar bill across the table

that foreign boy was in here earlier?”

I briefly gave Ruth a rundown of what Ronny had
told me, coupled with the proceedings of the afternoon. “So
what do you think? Have you heard anything about these
MegaSoft goons?”

She frowned, clinked the ice cubes together in her
glass, and sipped the last bit of watered down whiskey from
the glass, then pulled the fresh one in front of her. “I don’t
know nothing about them international corporations. I steer
clear of them. They keep their secrets to themselves, and
dirt he’s got, then retire to the Bahamas a rich man, He’s so anybody who uncovers them winds up missing, never to be
naive, it’s actually kind of cute. But they'll find him, sooner heard from again. I ain't never heard of nobody two-timing

rather than later. I've never seen anyone act so foolish.” one of them corporations and not disappearing.”
“That's why | sent him here. I figured he was a “I’m nota gambler, Ruth, but this sounds good, real

peregrine. I knew that you show people the ropes.” good. If I can put the screws to this meat, I know I can soak it
“Well, be a little more careful, please. The two for hard hack on the street, easy. And this goose can go and
hundred bucks might not be worth it if the shit hits the fanthe sell his dope to some other corporate suits and get himself
wrong way. This could be big. The poor baby has no idea _blipped off ifhe wants to.” O’ Mally brought me another beer,
what he’s doing. Fortunately, I gave him a few pointers. He and | sipped it slowly, licking the heady foam from my lips.
asked for a room and some security tonight so I called my Ruth fell silent and shook her head. She pursed her
driver to pick him up and sent him over to my scatter, the lips slowly, then spoke in a whisper. “You do what you want.
Super 10. I offered to come over and watch him myself, but But about twenty years ago, I had a gentleman friend who got
alas, he declined.” his hands on some kind of finance records for MegaSoft. He
| sipped my beer and mulled over all this in silence planned to sell them to an IRS agent he had on the lam. A week
for a few minutes. “I think I might stop by and have a little later, police dragged up a body from the river, claimed it was
chat with our international man of mystery. What room is he my boy. But I went to the funeral and I saw the casket. It sure
staying in?” wasn’t him. My friend was gone and there ain’t no one heard
“3C. Just tell the bruno at the door that the dog from him since. But you do what you want.” She sipped her
broke its chain, he'll let you in. I’d be careful though, your drink and fell silent, a heavy frown dragging down her sagging
mark was fingering that toy in his pocket the whole time he cheeks.
was here. He’s scared.” I slipped a twenty in her handbag and dropped a ten
Ronny lita cigarette and sipped his margarita, which on the bar for O’Mally, then walked outside.
glowed under the blacklight in the comer. I noticed the motes
of dust standing out on my jacket as well, like tiny invisible 4
diamonds forced into the light. “Thanks Ronny.” I hate the smell of the city at night. All the car
I walked back up to the bar and saddled up on a exhaust sinks down to street level and steam rolls out of the
vinyl barstool next to Ruth. She lifted a wrinkled brown palm sewers, The water in the gutters is black like tar, and you
and patted me on the shoulder. “Well, looks like you did take never know if that sound behind you was a raccoon digging for
lime out to stop and say hello to an old friend after all.” its dinner or a thug about to stick a knife in your spine. |
leaned against the brick wall of O’ Mally’s, felt the nylon fibers

cloning dinos, ct cetera.”

“Lots of suits involved?”

“I hope so, an expensive suit is damn sexy. | don't
think anyone’s caught up to him just yet, but don’t worry,
they will. Told me he got cold feet. Hopped a plane last night
bound here, figuring this would be the place he could sell the
