«¢ different ever since he’s been back. He just
" der whispered. He shook
“When he does,

*Kid' vor Baten
and doesn’t say shit,” Dee

ket lective gaze at his son.

his head after a long refl

Y se.” .
ih Pe About today, Deeds,” Wallace said,

“Screw it, It’s in the past and better left that way.

. stay dead.”
What's dead should stay ¢ ¥
“There’s something you should know. ;
“Nah. No sense revisiting that now. Come on in and

have a seat. We'll get us a couple of glasses. We'll drink until
we forget about it. You ready in there, Bobby?’

“Shuakhwe,” Bobby said.

“What did he say?” Wallace asked.

Deeder slapped a tray of ice cubes against the
countertop and cubes flopped out and slid across it, He tried
to grab a handful but some errant cubes slipped further across

the counter. '
“[’m telling you, Wally, something’s wrong with that

kid,” Deeder said.

There was mud crusted on Bobby’s sneakers and
up his shins on his pant legs. There was black residue crusted
under his eyes that looked like mascara.

Deeder grunted as his sat on the couch. He
unsheathed the Crown from its majestic purple bag and filled
the two glasses. Bobby turned off the light and flashed the
first slide via a remote changer.

The picture was of an African woman whose
carlobes had been stretched all the way down the side of her
face to her chin line. She wore a light gauzy wrapping, which
you could see the entire shape of her breasts and nipples
through.

The second slide featured the same woman, This
time she hunkered down by a bunch of emaciated children.
She smiled, flashing large rows of chalky teeth. Bobby
proceeded through twenty slides of this woman in various
poses, smiling her big smile. Deeder took a large gulp of
whiskey.

“You got pictures of anything else, Robert?” he asked.

“Shuakhwe,” Bobby said. He clicked to another
slide. It was a headshot of the woman. Her brown eyes stared
intently at the three of them.

“Next,” Deeder said.

Bobby stared into the grains of the projection screen,
Dust motes tumbled in the beam of light.

“Next slide.”

Bobby leaned forward, his elbows on his Kneecaps,
He had a dreamy expression. He stared for a long time
inspecting every fleck of the woman’s eyes. He fell back into

the chair, his arms dangling and his head tilted to the side,
br ine “Ah, Raheem. The weather is so cold here,” he said,
Africa is heh Bid continent. The past is.”
‘ace put his hand in his pocket and wrinkled hi
Pharmacy receipt between his thumb and forefinger, rik

Deeder looked at Wallace and rolled his eyes.
slammed his glass down on the coffee table, ti heg

“God damnit, Bobby, you've gotten strange!” ye
said. He grabbed the remote but Bobby wouldn’t let 20 of it
Wallace watched two struggling shadows on the Projection

screen. d
“Give it here, Bobby!

“Shuakhwe. I’m Shuakhwe!”

Deeder pushed his son down into the chair and raised
his fist above him. For a while, he held Bobby like that, his
face crunched into a sour expression again. He squeezed his
fist and just when Wallace thought he'd bring the hammer
down, Deeder retreated down the hallway. A door slammed,
Bobby began to well up. He sniffled, stood up and adjusted
his pants, dry flakes of mud falling to the carpet. He walked

out the front door.
During the scuffle, Deeder had pressed the clicker

several times and a picture of a wild boar in some flimsy reeds
was projected on the screen, Its menacing eyes glared over its
tusks. There was what looked like a large golden coin in front
of the boar, but the boar just stood there looking at Wallace,
begging him to go for the coin.

In the driveway, Bobby sat in his idling jeep. He
looked in the rearview mirror and smeared paint on his face,
Wallace stood outside the jeep and looked in at Bobby. He had
made a fierce mask with splotches of white, red, black, and
gray. He looked at Wallace, nodded at him, and flashed on his
headlights. To the erratic rhythm of tribal drums, Bobby peeled
out of the driveway and disappeared around the bend into the
moonless night.

Wallace’s house was dark and vacant. He sat the bottle of pills
on the countertop with a Xerox of the medication instructions.
He poured a glass of bourbon, placed it beside the pills, and
then thumbed through the paper to see what was on TV. Finding
nothing that interested him, he folded the paper and reached
for the bourbon. The front door opened.

“Wallace,” Martha yelled. “Wallace, are you here?”

“Martha.”

“Wallace, come out front, quick. I’ve hit a dog.”

Across the street a Foxhound writhed in the dry
leaves bunched by the Petersons’ brick mailbox. Its legs moved
as though it were dreaming of the prairie hills where it chased
woodcock and pheasant, There was blood coming out of its
nose and eyes, which bulged like fred egg yolks. Thee wast
acollar or tag.

“T’Il be damned,” Wallace said. “What happens?

“I hit the dog,” Martha said. She was unnerved.
Killed it, didn’t 1?” to

“It’s not dead yet,” Wallace said. His heart begat
swell into his throat and choke him. The dos wie’
flinched. “We should get it to someone who can fix it”.

Wallace pulled his shoelace out of the eer.
right Reebok. He tied the dirty lace around the dos
