jacket cling to the bricks, and watched a prostitute a
block away across the street. She was young, still pretty even.
J didn’t see any pimps around, so I guessed that she was new
to this. Her shoulder length hair was bleached blonde, and
under the dead light of the street lamp, the eyeshadow she
wore made her eyes into dark pits. She had curvy hips and a
bright smile. She wore a bright red miniskirt and a sparkly top.
She stepped carefully in her black leather heels up to the curb
as a white sport utility vehicle slowed to a crawl. She called
out to him and shook her breasts back and forth. The van
stopped and the passenger side door swung open. The girl
skipped across the headlights of the SUV, leaving a pair of
brief silhouettes on the pavement, and climbed in, pulling the
door shut behind her. The vehicle pulled away from the curb
and sped into the night, leaving behind nothing but the stink of
burnt gasoline
drowning out her little
cloud of perfume,
which itself was trying
to drown out her own
very human smells.
As I walked
down the block, my
thoughts were
spinning. I wasn’t one
to take dangerous risks,
that’s why I’m still
alive and had the job at
the library. | made
decent dough at the
Information desk, but
turned around and
spent most of it on
more dirt, that’s the
way the job worked.
That’s the way everything works in this town. And then I
thought about Evelyn. We had traveled upstate the week before
to her younger sister’s wedding. The event was set on a country
hill in the spring sunshine, clover and dandelions bursting out
everywhere. Everyone was happy, my niece and nephew from
Evelyn’s older brother were angelic, not a hurtful word was
spoken, and I felt a deep emptiness inside. It made me think
about being a father, Evelyn and I talked about it that night.
We came to the conclusion that we lived a different lifestyle.
Neither of us wanted to raise kids in this city. If they didn’t
wind up being dips, guns, pro skirts, or hop-heads, they'd
wind up chilled off.
“I love my job, though,” I had said, lying in bed next

of my

to her,

“Mine isn’t so bad either,” she had replied.
“Warped as it is, I’ve adapted to the lifestyle here.
all I've ever known.”
coulgae, 80 BAVE L” she had replied, trying to back me uP!
1 See in her eyes that she didn’t really feel it, that she was
JUSt trying to be rational, reasonable, use common sense. We

It’s

didn’t have the m

oney mn,
stable, In ey to leave the City,

another five or ten years ma

It’s all I’ve gy
Sol st
mill where

We were finally getting

ybe..,
er known,”

‘00d in the shadow ofO'M

my father had fone for his ¢ medihnporsa in

vening drinks back

d ya
ead city, and | wanted to leave. | wanted

oaks and poplars, swin ‘o smell grass, climb

ie6W ran ta @ under a Weeping willow. | wanted to
» OF a raccoon that lived on something besides

human wast /

shinies bea tired of concrete, tired of glass and

midalene ii ? digs honking and car exhaust, tired of the

mare "Ss, nauseated by the morning news, bodies in the
©. 1 was sick of it all. It was all I'd ever known.


I suppose I'd made
my decision before I'd even left
the apartment, because I had my
.38 strapped under my shoulder,
and a camera, our cell phone, and
lockpicks in my pockets. I
circled through the same three
or four blocks half a dozen times
to throw anyone who might have
been on my tail, then hailed a
hack and rode fifteen minutes
over to another bar just a block
south of the Super 10. After
scouting around the block, I
entered through the service door
in the alley, which was unlocked.
I kept my head down and my
jacket collar pulled up, in case
of any hidden cameras. I ran up the stairs in threes and stopped
in front ofa tan steel door with the giant number “3” stenciled
on it.

L entered the hallway and told the granite slab of a
guard that the dog had broken its chain. “Go grab yourself
some hooch on me, pal.” I slapped a ten in his palm. “Give me
fifteen.” He shrugged and walked off towards the elevator.
Thinking I might be able to catch my mark asleep and make a

clean sneak, | started to fumble with the lockpicks, but realized

after a few seconds that the door was unlocked. I just shook

pen I opened the door and slipped into the room as

quietly as possible, carefully closing the door behind me. I

istol i face.
to sce the barrel ofa pistol in my me
ri canned there, William Tell, take it easy! He was

i ight
sweating and his hands were shaking enough that he mig}

a if he had fired,
have ar aro M4 said in that fake-sounding accent.

ase i it
“Ph excuse me. My nerves are & b

i in. ci

He lowered his gu’

rattled.”
