So my second night of freedom began with a feast. |
watched the stars, listened to the whispers of the world aaa

sugh the night until just the
. feasted on pork, fresh water, and berries.

ack | carried was soaked through with

| walked thre

day. The sac : 4}
break of day i own sweat creating a foul stench. .
blood and had = are deep in a stand of trees and But the feast did not last. Though I wrapped it and
At dawn ] found a hiding cured it as I had read eventually the meat became too spoiled

» quickly. , ;
sleep came t0 ae in the afternoon. My clothing was brittle to stomach.
I woke I had spent hours and hours reading about survival

the butcher knife and lay it in

with dried ee ‘ ged ae} the perimeter of the stand of at the village library. But the fact and the information were
the dirt beside t “ nofanyone. [was in strange territory and worlds apart. My own filth became unbearable. The excitement
trees and saw nO a of how far had traveled. Perhaps twenty which had sustained me flagged and a constant fatigue set in.
had only @ Ye ast matter, They would not come after me. I took to rationing my water and in silent moments of hunger
miles or so. It busy finding and training a new pig! thought. I noted the sounds of the world. The birds sang into the night.
os oe In the distance I heard squealing which could only have come

from some wild herd of pigs. The wind was slight and moved

C fire. | nursed it

hole as deep as I could and started a fire.

sarefal so there would be little smoke. Eventually I had a

carefully the trees as gently as my mothers hand use to stroke my brow.

hot bed of coals. Only then did I take the pig out of the bag.

It was red with blood. Its eyes were wide open and
turned upwards. Its tongue hung thick and gray out of its
mouth. Its guts had nearly fallen out into the bag. I lay it on
the grass and proceeded to clean itin the manner I had studied.

Then it was nothing but berries and bark. I could find no fruit
or roots my stomach could handle. Eventually hunger drove
me to find my way back to the village, but [ had wandered too
far and was hopelessly lost.

Survival was more difficult than I had imagined. The
nights grew cold. And days passed with no rain. | extended
my foraging in hopes of finding a steady source of water.

‘A cheerfulness came over me. In cutting through the
pig flesh I found an inner calm, a methodical directness and
purpose I had never felt before. At this point, live or die, I felt

like I had attained real power.
| pulled the entrails out and put them to the side

then rolled the carcass into the pit. I covered it carefully and

One day, I heard a squeal in the distance and though my
strength was fading I chose to seck it out.

left it to cook. The traveling was difficult. At one point I caught a

Then | turned my attention to its guts. I dug another glimpse of a wild pig in the distance and increased my pace

hoping the animal might lead me to water. I followed till 1

pit and began stuffing the entrails back into the bag setting
could walk no more then fell unconscious to the ground.

aside any portions which might be of use later. When I came
to the stomach I hesitated. Curiosity told me to open the 1 woke to the hot stench of breathing on my face.

thing. So, with the knife I punctured the fleshy bag. A burst of Above me, snout wet, tusks protruding from the corners ofits
fumes escaped gagging me momentarily, Then I slit it wide mouth, stood a hog so large as to be nearly the size of myself.
open. I had not expected anything but here nestled inside were Coarse hair grew in a ratty main down the center of its back. I

three gold coins. I snatched them up and wiped them off on held perfectly still. This pig looked dangerous. It continued to
my shirt. sniff at me with its moist snout. Its breath steamed in the cool

morning air, Its head bobbed a few times as if it were nodding

It was still daylight when I awoke. After getting my to itself, then it turned and disappeared into the bush. I
bearings, making sure | could find my way back to the pig, 1 scramble to my feet as quickly as my strength allowed and
set off it search of water. placing my hand on my knife went after of the creature.

How beautiful the wild was. How self contained. This time it was easy to follow. Itwas large and left
There were no demands here for more or better. Nature created a clear trail through the bush.
abundantly. The trees, the dense brush, the grass and flowers For nearly two days I tracked the beast exhausting
streamed from the earth. | felt I had walked into paradise. my store of water. Then finally the wood broke and the pig

I knew what I needed to survive, Food clothing stopped in the center of a large field. 1 stayed near the trees
shelter. I made a water bag of the pig skin and filled it here and and observed the animal.

there in small puddles | came across, .
It stood a few hundred yards ahead of me snout
raised, its side facing me. For a few seconds I gazed upon the
let the meat cook and cook I stuffed myself madly animal. This was no ordinary money pig. This hog was wild:
ner Portioned out the rest. I knew that | had a few weeks It stood more nobly than even the bronze statue in tov
lore I would need to find additional food. There should be square. This pig seemed the paradigm of pigness lise

fruits here and there and roots and i
greens. I had read about a | resolved to kill the beast.
Whole crop of things one could eat. _ ae
