maybe. People talk. | see women at their front windows; their
phone cords coiled around them, the curtains bounce shut at
their retreat. | wonder why we are supposed to cover up
everything in our lives that ts incomplete, like a sheet over a
sculpture. What if we let dust gather on the things we neglect?

I receive half-smiles from people walking their
chows. They don’t even put on their plastic gloves and clean
up when Buckley or Rufus bows up by our mailbox.

I walk barefoot down the sidewalk to Fawn’s house.
Patriotic balloons are tied to her mailbox. Sunlight gleams on
the hoods of a Jeep and Mazda parked on the street.

I eavesdrop on two women at Fawn’s garage sale,
the rusted hangers squeak as they sift through my mother’s
old pattern dresses, some cotton with painted flowers, some
denim with sewn patches.

“It’s hideous. We're pitching in and hiring the
University Painters. |
brought it up at the Civic
Association meeting. We
really should do
something,” one of them
says, her flimsy hand
waves the point home.

Under them, a
toddler throws Tigger to
the oil and gum stains on
the floor. Coins rattle in a
tin box. I flip through a
wooden crate of records,
some Barry Manilow,
some Neil Diamond, a
frayed Marvin Gaye.

“It’s so tacky.
They can’t live like that,”
the other one says,
craning her neck in
sympathy.

I stand by
Fawn, who sits in a white

plastic chair with a TV tray set in front of her. She fidgets like
somebody who’s pretending to be busy, like she just walked
in on people yelling at each other. I hike my pants up with my
fists in my pockets, scanning the folding tables of relics, the
empty bike pegs on the far wall, and the panel of an attic on
the ceiling. She rests her head on her hand and peaks at me
through the comer of her eyes. She opens the tin box for me,
There are some wrinkled dollar bills with phone numbers of
forgotten one-nighters written on them in ink, draped over a
mound of coins. One of them portrays Washington with a

black eye and a mustache.

“Hmm,” I say, She shuts the box and pours me a

cup of iced tea.

I walk to the end of the driveway and look back over
my shoulder at the house. It’s immaculate, nota single dent in
the aluminum siding. The shingles are straight and stiff and

Walt looks at me with
disapproval, then he
looks across the street
at Sam who nods like
I’m the joke they’re
in on...

sunlight sparkles in the tiny granules. ’ y
and the sidewalk swept hi of rm Watellaaee
hisses like a machine gun and I watch as part of the sidew ik
darkens at the drops of water. I swat away a bee Wald Gi
garage, the toddler struggles for Tigg " ;
women. v3 ‘eget under the chatting

A man in khakis and a “ .
his cyes, looking into the font eee = eeiding

, y house. He has

an unsealed envelope in one hand. Crabgrass brushes against
his ankles. He leaves an impression of his hand on the dirty
window,

“Something you're looking for?” I say and swallow
a big gulp of tea.

“Shit. You scared me. Is your father home?” He fans
himself with the envelope.

“Did you ring the doorbell?”

“Yes, but...”

“He must not be
home then.”

“I’m Evan Luci.” He
pauses, maybe expecting
recognition, like some
jaded newscaster at the
county fair, “President of
the Civic Association.
Look, we've got a
problem here,” he looks
around at the yard and
whistles. “See that your
father gets this. My
phone number is on there
should he have any
questions.”

My father is slouched
in his chair, mouth agape,
glasses crooked and
dangling from his ear.
John Madden scribbles
mad play patterns across

the television. A smattering of melted ice wells up at the bottom
of his drink, The fat Sunday paper lies refolded on the floor
next to him, a comer of a Kroger ad jutting out. My mother’s
cat, a charcoal long hair, sleeps upside down with its legs up in
the air in her chair next to him. | noisily crush my plastic cup
in hope of waking him but his heavy breathing maintains
rhythm and the cat opens her eyes and closes them. —

In the envelope is a letter of notification giving my
father a thirty-day warning to make his house n
According to Luci, there have been a number of complaints al
regarding the house as an “eyesore” and claiming It to Cova
adjoining properties. If the house is not made peneeienlees
thirty days, a lawn company and painting company pes
hired at my father’s expense. Being part ofa that will
a responsibility to keep a respectable appearance in the
ensure top market value, Luci says. He's polite enough 19S
