OO Fe COE | CE Oe a.

Oolee slowly uncurled and stood in the co
cat ona fencepost, eyes darting about in search whine er like a
from her little piece of firmament in the suddenly-roiling pet ;
of light. Dust motes swirled and dodged like apesaated Ente
jt was like her father had told her, everything took ve gnats.
jiveliness in the Light of God. The air seemed to Hbdatha liscle

in. Oolee’s eyes had trouble seeing anything b
t
light that impaled her workspace. igs ek ntl:

She squinted at the earthen walls, the pitchy timbers.

the wheelbarrow full of peat bricks, and the s' 1
Ss, e st
along the wall to her side. rae

“There's a robe; an old robe under the fuel bricks.”
“Knock them over. Just get the robe. Even if *
have to expose yourself to the light to do it. Get the shes
She attacked the pile she'd carefully stacked ate
the last weeks. The falling bricks further dusted the cele
turbid air. She tore down to the soggy bottom. x
Under the fuel stack, was fabric. She remembered
putting it there at the priest’s request in order to shield the

fading at the edges to the
ruddy gray of dried blood.
Its weave, once fine, had
suffered terribly in its
defense of the floorboards.
Oolee wondered if it was
even wearable.

Though it bore
tremendous gashes, the size
of the robe, doubled over
several times, ensured
Oolee’s little body complete
coverage. “I’m putting the
robe on. I think it will work.”

“Go, Oolee. Cover up, and go.”

“I’m afraid.” The robe dripped moist stench.

“Move like a falling leaf, dear. Take as many steps
as you can. The narthex is big and you are small.”

Oolee threw herself through the complaining hatch,
the priest's disembodied voice shouting “Be strong,” now
drowning out in the wood-against-wood squeal of the ancient
narthex door. The chamber’s walls were stone, but they were
smooth as skin-furless skin. These walls had been hewn from
the same stone as the caverns where the village nestled, These
walls were made so long ago that it made her think of the
priest, the elders, and even the buildings of the village itself'as
newborns, fresh to the world,

She took a few steps to the left, backed up a step,
danced to the right, then paused. She resisted the urge to bolt
for the other side. That would be lunatic. She'd be seen, she
knew, if she tried it, No, herescape must be a meandering one.
Trying to blend into the woodwork, keeping her grimy mantle
tight around her body, pinned with both hands to her chest,

under Goatwood
Voiced the priest's
a shield. Be stron words from memory, trying to make them

Sacred tex
an enormous shadow i

hide Oolee fi
Pig ceo Tom the face of God. Yet, he was below, down in

Oolee flailed at the
air, trying to grab
handsful of smoke...


. yi
and random, B "ying hard to keep her movements natural

ut her legs felt soft and weak as moss. She

g.
he to picture him at the altar, reading from
in stone. His massive pallidness that excised
in the fire-lit chapel. Surely he could

The only way to fool God was the Dance of the

Pes Hom hs ackd bite of the Ibuanses hie tobe <aattttal eye nage of the Falling Leaf. She placed her feet at
’ eS,

taking random strides, slow and erratic, to
ensure that from above,
God's reckoning would not
see in her motions the telltale
efficiency of a human.

Cursed beings, they
all were, she had known it
from a thousand sermons’
exhortations. Yet, it was
never clear to her what they
had done to deserve
banishment from the
Aboveground, the Uplands,
Heaven. Sins against God

were the words of the priest.
Unnamed sins from a thousand generations ago were the
words her father had once hissed in her ear while the priest
admonished his flock never to forget their God-fearing nature.
But once, they’d walked on the Aboveground and
danced in celebration. She didn’t know how much of the Faith
to believe, but even her father accepted those basic truths.
When she was a child, her father made bedtime stories out of
what he claimed were real occurrences from his own childhood.
Stories about villagers who could skirt the eyes of God. Others

i iddle of atile, and avoiding
feet, Jacing each one square inthe middle : i
the on tiles. Her makeshift body-covering tugged a oe
on her shoulder. As she took a lage stds Ose. Her
fragmented tiles, she was jerked back, and missed

fye of the Angry God
