He stood at the exit peering out across the
employee parking lot The lion was nowhere in sight

Others were already dashing for their vehicles.
Some darted between cars, clutching their briefcases
hoping to spot the lion before it spotted them. It could
be crouching behind that blue BMW or that grey
Chrysler.

Arnold didn’t know. He did know the doors of
the office were auto locked at precisely five p.m. and
unless the cat took someone else soon he'd be running
for it with all the other schmucks. He thought a bit of
overtime might give him an edge. Maybe the cat would
snag another while he was still exiting the building.
However, the delay may have worked against him. The
crowd was thinning now and the quickest employees
had already made it to their vehicles and were speeding
off for home.

He glanced at his watch. In moments when the
doors locked he’d have to run for it anyway. So he tucked
his briefcase up under his arm and made a dash for the
first row of parking spaces.

There was a time when he'd been the first out
of the building. Almost daring the cat to make a go for
him. Now though, after years with the company, he felt
a bit old and knew he was slower then he'd ever been. .

Yesterday a senior VP had been snagged. He
hadn’t even been able to disarm his auto alarm before
the lion was on him. He’d crumbled under the weight of
the lion and had disappeared beneath its huge frame
and full mane. Lucky for him he’d known the magic word
and upon speaking it the lion released him w ith only the
slightest bit of damage.

Arnold knew the magic word also. But that was
small comfort. It might work, it might not.

He gained the first row easily. One man skittered
passed, eyes wide in terror, apparently he forgot where
he parked and was now running haphazardly around
searching for his car.

Amold crouched near a Chevy, then quickly
trotted toward a blue Mazda in the second row of the

yarking : '
: 8 lot. He took a second and scanned the lot hoping
© catch a glimpse of the cat

Get the fuck out of the way!” Ron Sumner

shouted as he pushed by. Arnold moved and Ron slipped
quickly into his mini van.

Arnold made for the third row.

What was that? A blur of movement to the right.

Doors slammed, engines started, wheels
Squealed and transmissions whined as employees
reached the safety of there vehicles and sped off.

Now Amold was getting scared. The crowd was
thinning and the lion had yet to show itself. It must be
stalking someone particular. Beyond the third row of cars
was the grassy median between the front and back
parking lot. This open area was the most dangerous and
the great cat had caught more than one employee here.

He stopped near a ford explorer and was just
about to make a run for it when the lion leapt from behind
a yellow VW, It covered the distance of the grassy
median on seconds, Tail high, paws slapping the ground
its mane fluttered with the speed of its attack.

Armold held up his briefcase trying to deflect
the attacking feline but it did nothing to slow the force
of three hundred pounds of fluff and muscle.

They rolled to the ground, the cats maw firmly
gripping his shoulder.

Amold froze. The cats sharp teeth pressed into
his shoulder.

What was it? He thought frantically. The cat
gently mawed his neck as if savoring the taste before
biting straight into the meat.

What was it? What was it? What was the word.

The lion bore over him holding him down with
one massive paw.

“Tilt,” Amold said remembering what the VP
had told him. The magic word was tilt. “Tilt...tilt...tilt...”
he repeated.

But it did not seem to be working.

bellomy

joe
