We found her just inside the trees. She had climbed It was late afternoon when the boar showed itself. It

nto a small sapling and was huddled on a limb grasping its came from the wood slowly, head bobbing, its snout smeared
i i , its § s

sank: with blood.
Her father helped her down gently and carmied her to It seemed to look at me with interest now, It did not
the wagon. charge or threaten, but approached fearlessly and with obvious

He did not say a word to me as he carried her passed. purpose. It knew I had what it wanted. It knew It could take
When they reached the wagon she climbed from his arms and it from me. Perhaps it thought that I was its only source.
disappeared inside. Then he climbed up also. He looked at me I found the coin still in my pouch and held it up in
then as if measuring my worth. His eyes never left me as he plain sight. The animal fixed its attention upon the coin. I let
took up the reins. He held my gaze as he threw my knife down the gold slip into my palm and held it out in offer. The pig
to the ground. Then, turning away, he snapped the reins and approached, Behind my back I held the knife firmly. As the
the wagon moved off. beast approached I thought about home, and safety, my family
I limped toward the knife and caught a glimpse of and Koshka and her grand father, and as the pig ate the coin I
Koshka’s hand slip through the canvas at the back of the stroked its main softly and prayed, “Heal me. Take me home.”
wagon, She tossed my pouch out onto the road. I felt the sun on my shoulders and the dull ache of
Collecting my things I found a place to sit. I stretched my ruined leg began to ease.

out my wounded leg and waited.
* * a

—-O = ee oF oe 2

Advertise!

the floating liars’ club isa fine forum to promote your Columbus business.

We offer full page, half page, column, and business-card sized ads at competative

rates.

We also offer special design, layout, and writing services for featured advertisers.

Please inquire about ad space at:
