The first episode occurred shortly after Wallace

cheated on his wife. .
It crept on him at a barbecue his co-worker Marty

Deeder held in celebration of his son Bobby’s return from two

years in Sudan where he educated a ravaged third-world town
with the Peace Corps. Wallace and Deeder treated each other
like war buddies because they spent their days holed up in the
stockroom of Energy Robotics, Wallace shelved and catalogued
all the intricate parts to the machines while Deeder stretched
tape over cardboard box flaps as though they were mouths he
wanted to silence.

Bobby looked awkward, Wallace felt, watching him
hold his can of Molson as though it were contaminated, like it
was some cheap toy dangling from the claw of one of those
grab machines, The kid nodded in turn to each relative circled
around him at his nylon lawn chair, Wallace sipped on a beer
and stood beside Deeder at the grill. Deeder poked at chicken
breasts with metal tongs. He narrated his grilling technique for
perfectly glazed chicken and ribs, To really lock in the flavor,
i said you lightly coat the meat as You cook it, like

ee toh, it hips couple coats, he said,
allace scanned the reaches of Deeder’s b :
the wooded area at the far perimeter, the lines of we

a poison emblem, the cross bones and freakish skull spray
painted white.

“Say, Deeds, what’s with the trash can?” Wallac,
asked. He hiccupped from the carbonated kick of canned beer .
Deeder looked up from the grill and squinted suspiciously
over the hickory smoke, meat sizzling below.

“Now that’s something,” Deeder said. “After
dinner.” He nodded in affirmation of the greatness of the
trashcan, proud as though his bowling trophy was encased in
Styrofoam peanuts inside. Deeder clamped a blackened breast
and dropped it on a ceramic platter.

After the meal, the sluggish crowd be gan to disperse,
full with drink and grilled fowl. The party fizzled into a slow
denouement, a tired Procession of “thank you” and “we should
be going” of the bloated lot, struggling home to recliners and
sedative televisions. Bobby sat motionless in the lawn chaif,
shell shocked it seemed, A patio barbecue had become foreigi
and he wasn’t sure how to act, Wallace thought. His neglected
beer can still hung from his fingertips like he didn’t know tt
was there, Some women argued inside over who would do the
dishes, each aggressively volunteering, each trying to conv inet
