the wall. Whenever
more aware of tha

comple my boy got his slides back

ing to give
pen hae Got aenbeaed bottle of C
asked.
his love and
d hand ticked in fruitless

The red secon

jage to Martha. aie
pera he had gone to her sister S. He

circles, Wallace thought maybe s p
hated how she involved her family in theit problems. Wallace

didn’t even remember the circumstances of that night at the
hotel when he squandered the peacefulness of his routine.
Every word he shared with his wife since then was delicately
chosen and every action done considerately to avoid any blow
up. He wondered if the Gideon’s wasn’t in a drawer, if he saw
it on the nightstand, would he have followed through with it?
To Wallace, his cheating wasn’t out of spite or
unhappiness, but temptation, It was nothing malicious, really,
just a taste of something else like choosing the kettle chips
over the Cheetos from the vending machine. It was a
spontaneous temporary craving for something different. No
preconceptions. No voice in his stupefied mind stopped him.
Now he wanted everything back. He wanted to stop
a ve she thought in the silence they shared during
parce: wig Bs agi quiet of breakfast their
pret Hehe dt 2 spoons in ceramic bowls, forks
craping ae plates. He heard every eggshell crack.
ae afternoon in the stock roo: i i
waiting on the clock, Wallace felt flushed. aie ‘ poe
againi his heart rate
boards seaedel ae acart full of random screws, fuse
ee te Ires, and steel girders through the hee
aisles of the stock , gn > towering
product codes at a eee lle Deeder typed in inventory

Through the gaps between the shelves, Wallace

gineers huddled aroung hi \

: roup of en

pox for some a him, put their effort pie unproductive gy q

Some Wool in turned toward the ee es Son K:

the hie sted down behind his cart af ght, fuck, the,

Wallace CK” af trembled. |

2456s, fuck. ied avenge? led the mob into the stoc bi

a gue around Deeder, furtively seeking

and they enc e engineer slapped down a form beside hit, :

it

expl anations- So,” Deeder said.
7-2456- in?” The engineer asked. Wallace kney t

“You got any imply for effect. Deedertypegin



: “No, nothing.”

«yeah, nothing,” the engineer said. The group

e sneered. “Nothing. Exactly what
of these I submitted a week ang

behind schedule. This fucks us, Marty,

shipment here?”
thing about a Z-2456 order?” Deeder

“This puts us
Why the fuck isn’t our
“Wallace, you know any

asked. 7 3 “
“7.7456,” Wallace said, his voice cracking y

pubescent like inflections. He swallowed hard and thought ‘ oi
heart was going to push through his chest and gargle like t
mangled creature from Alien. “Nah, don’t know anything abo
any Z-2456s,” Wallace said.

“You put the order form in the basket?” Deede

asked the engineer.
“Yes, | put it in the fucking basket a week anda half

ago.”

“You better stop sassing me. I don’t like the
you're talking.”

The engineers began to disperse. As
away, the fitful engineer flailed his arms and es ¥
incompetence.” That was enough for Deeder, who tackled
engineer from behind and smashed his face into the g

couple of times before the othe : '
asada rs pulled him off, before W:

Oars splashed against the c i :
urrent. Men in safari fatigues
bart side ofthe boat and chanast ia tat alana tha etl
: espaen on the stern, his thumbs entwined i
unition belt, The boat jer underea' 7
away from the shore. He cae from sero
'o the black shoreline far off in the distance. An i

slow of purple fri
land look like a pine scone ine mance the black

Clouds in the gloami
