Hunger prompted this resolve. But hatred sustained

it This new beast mocked me. It insulted my
considered values. Here, after sacrificing everything, stood a
version of my nemesis which was completely unaffected by
+ actions. I slid my fingers into my pouch and rubbed

ny earlic
= gold coins as a plan took shape.

the three

| watched the animal a day and a night. It led me to
asmall watering hole where upon night fall I refilled my water
s Hiding myselfnear the water I laid onc of the coins

on a stone near the bank. j

| had no idea how a pig became a money pig. I guess
[had always assumed they were just bred as such. It occurred
to me that this pig might not find the bait enticing. I put my
faith in the novelty of the
coin in this setting. I only
needed it to attract the pigs
attention long enough for
me to attack.

It took time,
much longer then | had
anticipated. I was able to
observe the beast from a
distance. This pig fed
mostly on the vegetation of
the clearing. I saw here and
there the bones of some
small rodent it had
evidently found and gnawed upon.

It slept much and occasionally for some unknown
reason would charge back and forth across the field shaking its
head, glorifying in its own being. It would wallow in the mud
of the tiny pond then wash itself in the water. Try as I might
though I could not decipher any routine which would aid me
in bringing down the animal.

Its movements seemed sporadic and arbitrary. Only
its frequent visits to the water gave any regularity to its actions.

The gold coin sat untouched on the stone after two
days. I managed to eat some berries I found near the edge of
the wood but I was getting weak and I feared I would not have
the strength to kill the sturdy hog.

Then, my luck changed. The hog came within feet of
the coin. It approached cautiously, sniffing the air and
stomping the ground a bit with its forefeet. It seemed excited.
Once the pig ran by at full speed and in an odd move stuck its
Shout out toward the coin, twisting its body as it trotted by. It
nearly stumbled in the move, but I was now certain it had
taken notice of the coin.
its sage hid myself as completely as I could and waited for
I would he gripped the knife tightly in my fist and knew that
. vi

Bert camp chance to strike the creature. If] missed

There is no sound to
the dark wetness of
spilled blood.

just a few steps. I

Y sharp and Jon

my hatred Overcame the fear and

2 and only the intensity of
awe the thing inspired in me.

would be toward me and I could attack

T
Hein rr by ipa came slowly, It stood for what seemed
pay! in @ smooth motion brought its massive head
oward the rock where the coin lay.

I pounced as soon as it di
ounc it did so. Not only because of
the opportunity it Presented but also because I did not oe

the beast to take the coin.

My strength though had faded in my time in the
wild. My speed was
impaired and my steps were
awkward. It was a feeble
attempt, I felt no power in
the arm which welded the
knife and the pig detected me
before I had closed the
distance between us.

As it turned I dove
toward it shouting. But it
was fast and turned and
crouched. My swing went
wide and my wrist struck the
5 bony ridge of its back. I lost
grip of the knife and it clattered against the stones. Somehow
I managed to grab a hold of the hair on the hogs back, But the
beasts strength was unmanageable, It turned, dragging me
across the rocky ground. It was ferocious. It kicked at me with
its hind legs as it bucked and twisted.

Somehow I held on. I banged my knees against the
stony ground as it flailed and dragged me around. Then, with
a huge grunt and an incredible twist of its gigantic neck it
caught me in the thigh with one of its tusks. I fell from the
beast and sprawled on the rocks. The animal continued its
frantic motion until realizing it had freed itself, Then it twirled
and faced me, head down, mouth open, its breath hoarse and
loud.

I was on my knees, blood poured from the my thigh.
My shins and ankles were cut and bruised, No sooner had |
got a foot under me then the thing charged.

The hog came barreling towards me. Its head alone
was nearly the size of my torso. The pig reached full speed in
could not regain my balance as my leg had
gone numb, It charged me its eyes glaring the muscles oni
back bunched in knots across it shoulders, positioned so

se full power to its gleaming tusks, The ground nearly
abet pppoe ed, I was up on knee and was no match
ru J .
for the speed of the animal. I could do nothing more than put

up my arms in defense,

bellomy

joe

age
