“Hey, people have to make a living somchow, hon.”
“Yeah, but do they have to send their kids out Su
jt? | mean, come on, that girl should have been at schdel *) *
| shrugged and drank my beer. I didn’t bother t
mention that I'd been shadowing people between Rlasios ei
the time ] was twelve for money to buy soda and uahettae

ofme.| looked a

her hips ,

Up to h

of her nose under the and saw the shadow
iieate ¢ dim lighting, Evelyn P

gether for fj £. Evelyn and L have been

Our years. The %
she was Just seduc first six months o

ther fo
art rm lying in our bed, traced the curve of
Cast with my cyes,

“ll do a sweep of the building on Saturday,

employer. This woma
stuck any wireless bugs anywhere.”

see if they've who Wa dlao nice n, Rebecca, was trying to use Evelyn,
eping with the assistant director of the Public

a keep me from getting the promotion to

aoa of the possible candidates for
‘ you that love is more important

n this city, cause we fell in love and she told

“ C3 pany Libra _
How was your day?” she asked. “Pick up any Information She sr
right rags Goins around? ‘i ae She w
“Not really. Well, there was this one bird. Real rube, than sein tri
% seven ir

a peregr = I oe Guy S acting com letely oby ious, Ws ining me a bout the setup. Sh Pp fed t i
ames skIng ce ie
around in this James Bond getup and asking to meet someone, our assistant deere re sane err ape
g Shitcanned, and the directo: z
. r gave me the

one, who he can sell some dope to. I se ve
at: ir ets acs hin pe 2 I sent the guy over to promotion to Inform wage
O’Mally’s just to get him out of there, There were at least up Rebecca's source papa to her. | promptly screwed
s ces and contacts, and she

S, quit shortly

three people tailing him already.” oy Se
“What's the wire on him?” she oh ‘ cata and I have been together ever since. I figure
she probably sells me out left and right, as long as its nothing

“No clue.”
‘ oS senous cnough to ge
“Why didn’t you get a slant? If ae ae : gh to get me killed, I have to admit I’ve traded
y you get a slant? If this guy’s such a information about her jobs more than on: pan Sed
‘ 2 ce to a contact or two

sap, he should have been easy to chisel.”

of mine. We love and bot! derstat
ou é : ; a trust each other, and
‘Sure | could have. But I didn’t want to step on any that the lack of confidentiality just comes with n as errs
y jus e way of life.

toes. I’ve got a great job that a lot of other people would like

I moved silently th i
to have. | got it because I never tip my mitt and I always play few things and thinking nihrcimabman ArT :
rain ¢ smile she

wise. [do good work, I find out the rap for people, and that's gave me earlier. Is

rs at's . [stopped in the spa 2 e
it. There could be half a dozen hits on this mark for all |know, as an office. A pair croniloole yas tee foe a —
and I don’t want to get my nose cut off if I don’t know what was white, business size, and had the set - Evel ae
I’m sticking it in. And besides, I felt bad for the guy. He'll be doctor on it. The other was a large manilla envelope pines


lucky if he doesn’t get a shiv in the back walking across the
street. Ronny will help him out, get him on the bulge. And
then I can talk to Ronny and find out the peach on him. I want
to find out who sent him to me.”

“But you run the information desk at the Public
Library, anybody who knows anything comes to you to find
it out.”

“Yeah, but this guy didn’t know anything, and he
put me in a dangerous spot.”

“But if the mark does get poked before he gets to
O'Mally’s?”

“Nobody will bother him. Like I said, nobody knows
who this guy is. Could be a runaway from some megacorporate
bombshell with bigwig suits after his ass. Nobody wants to
toss in their chips until they know w hat the stakes are. Anyway,
what’s for dinner?”

*[ thought we'd order C hinese.”

“As long as it’s not from Oriental Emperor. Last
time we ordered from there I found metal shavings in my fried
rice, remember?” I shook my head. “It’s damn unprofessional.
Who were they trying to kill, you or me? I mean, if you're
trying to bop someone, you ought to have better odds than
fifty-fifty, am I right?”

Later that evening after Evelyn and I made love, !
got up and dressed, I wanted to stay in bed and relax, I should
have stayed in bed and relaxed, but my curiosity got the better

on top was a black and white photograph of a man in a suit “il

holding a young girl's hand, They were standing in front of a
sleazy-looking motel. Something struck me odd about the
picture, and I held it up to inspect it. Behind me I heard
Evelyn stir. I didn’t want her to catch me snooping, so I shut
out the lights and left the apartment,

The April evening air was warm so I decided to
walk the six blocks to O’Mally’s. 1 tumed down a couple of
streets and sidestepped into an alley to make sure no one was
tailing me. Not that it mattered so much, anybody who knew
me at all knew I was a regular at O’Mally’s dive. The front
door was standing open and cigarette smoked was rolling out,
accompanied by the rollicking horns of an old jazz standard.
Two young couples were drinking beers and employing the
pool tables near the door. Old O’Mally himself was running
the bar, half a dozen locals were sitting around it, One guy I
recognized as a small time fence, another guy was a shadow,
and Ruth traded in information, like myself. She'd been doing
it since she was a teenager, back in the thirties and forties, had
worked with my dad in the sixties and seventies, and was
mostly blind now, but she noticed me come in and simply
nodded her head.

There were a few people at the tables, A fat shadow
in the corner I knew to be Ronny sat alone, nursing amargarita.
I went up to the bar, O’ Mally was already filling me a beer. I
carried it over to Ronny’s table and sat down. “This place

deaf?” | asked.
