sole. This causes some bit of discomfort.
fd a srown weak and thin over years of office
set rs, He sees the green shard jutting from
ere it came from. He looks around,
his foot ane ken beer bottle lying at the curb, the crumpled

sees « sare cigarettes, both of these lying amid the plastic
ck bh exploded pink lighter; the ruins of a drunken effigy.
muins 0

Raymond curses again, not the “fuck” or the “shit
he bed” he might have used in his youth, but the rather more
the

fined and bitter “goddamn kids” of impending old age. He
re

jooks around again, suddenly afraid of being seen in this

He leans over and
snaps his fingers
next to the old
man’s ear. His

young fingers wrap
around the pale
wrists and bind

them tightly in the
leather cuffs...

compromising state. A child watches him from her bedroom
window across the street, but he does not see this. To him the
streets are still empty. She might have called out to her mother,
but she fears this old man whose beady eyes and paunchy
cheeks wrinkle up in a frown every time he sees her, She
clutches her stuffed panda bear and watches, thinking of a
dream she had the night before.

The bleeding has begun in earnest now. What started
as a tiny rose blossom soon becomes widening streams
navigating the wrinkles in his soles. He rolls back to his hands
and knees, being careful to keep his left foot held high. He

curses the carelessness of youth again, wonde
are such self-absorbed and savage bastards.
anything like this in his youth, never dry

automobile into a telephone pole, never smashed
with a Louisville Slugger, never back-talked his mother ce boxes
never wore his hair long, never slapped a pretty ail onthea’
never got into trouble, He had always made his Parents st
his mother had called him a “little adult.” yaad,

Gritting his teeth, Raymond begi
ascent up the sidewalk to his apartment building "wae
has become a marathon and the stinging in his knees and hands
flashes like a traffic signal. He inches along, Spitting outa
vulgarity every foot. He pauses twice to make sure no eae
watching. The little girl across the street looks on with teas
her eyes and whispers her dream to her bear. After minutes
more like days, he climbs onto the porch. He ignores the trail
of blood he has left on the sidewalk, a map of his heart painted
onto the concrete.

He carefully rises to one foot. He wobbles on that
copascetic knee, fumbling for the keys in his pocket, and a
cloud of dizziness engulfs him like a swarm of flies. His left
foot automatically steps down to correct his failing balance,
jarring the shard against a bone and releasing a burning gout of
blood. Sweat breaks out on his forehead and he bites down on
his lower lip to withhold a scream. White motes float across
his vision. The world goes topsy-turvy as he careens
backwards. The back of his head collides with the sidewalk,
his yellowed teeth bite through his bottom lip. The last thought
he has before blacking out is a bitter one: he left the newspaper
lying at the curb.

Tmng why kids
He Never dig

A

When Raymond floats into semiconsciousness, he
finds himself surrounded by a flurry of spinning white clouds.
They are figures in white clothing, and he is lying ina hospital
bed, the sheets bleached white. The faces and words are
unformed, and he cannot feel his body. He feels the sort of
Escher-like lucidity that comes on the very edge of sleep. In
this state everything rolls back on itself like a Mobius stip;
dreams bleed into reality, the future causes the past, and the
dead rise from their graves, He moans. His ears detect this
undead sound; it becomes the gibbering of a mad prisoner in
the next cell. Fear grips his belly. He looks around willy
Only one figure remains motionless, its broad shoulders 2
crisp hospital uniform. Raymond tries to f :
details of the liquid face. The face solidifies, takes

appearance

sinking further in, becoming i Lo
had once beat him so badly that he had to skip ®
week to recover. It is the face of a young. bp
