+e at all compared to the

x vga alee situated, Still, it gave

. oer nothing in the rough-hewn village
her’ feeling ee bent into strangely curvaceous peaks.
te ae wooden roof topped the whole thing,

c ‘ay too,
of the entrywi r
d was simple, dreary, and relaxing.

hex and found the pickaxe
1 ae er ans tha held up the wooden
ea made of rich brown soil. The chamber
i out of the soil in just the last few years, Oolee
ue e of the sources for peat, which the villagers
ac ght fat for fuel. She lelled cr axe eet
eet ci icks just big enough for her to li
chopping, making bricks jus’
As she was cutting, she heard the mewing of the
atten coming from the chapel. She leaned her weight against
eT heavy door to let her pet—maybe her only
pakta: She sat down with the cat and pet its hairless skin.
Its skin felt loose, unlike the taut skin of the children. She let
it down and continued chopping. The cat crouched and leapt
up to a rafter, where it remained while Oolee worked.


Oolee floated through the chapel, woozy, head filled
with peat smoke. She felt old, like the logs of the stair, binding
fast with the earth. From the top of the chapel—a vantage
only dreams could secure—she could see all the villagers from
Goatwood and the deep, gathered for the Coming of Dawn
ceremony. She dusted cobwebs from her hair, noticing a crack
in the ceiling through which an ugly grayish light shone. She

pushed away from the domed vault, gliding slowly at first

towards the parishioners. The small children in front of the
altar noticed her first. They laughed at the falling girl carelessly,
like nobody should laugh at anybody. Then the elders looked
up, their eyes fettered by pasty cataracts. They stared
unsecing—or maybe noticing the crack in the roof. Panic set in
among the crowd and in Oolee’s chest. She gained speed,
careening. The pews offered up jagged comers, decorated with
pinnacles and wooden roses.

Oolee flailed at the air, trying to grab handfuls of
smoke, falling but trying to tear her way back to the glossy,
red ceiling. The air seemed to thin, like an overstretched safety
net ripping underneath her, She grabbed the skin of her chest,
She tried to brace a body that knew it was going to break.

Her dreams suddenly burst around her, giving way
to awareness and discomfort—not fear and violent death,
nets aching, cramped discomfort. Oolee’s foot scraped along
ae Picking up little globs of tar, She rubbed the fur
phi ecb She gasped a quick yawn, shook her
co - ad the familiar peaty must of the temple

feroom. he disentangled herself from a tortured sleepin
Position in the crux of the chapel’s huge su nade
Pporting timber,

Stretching, twisting, she leaned back

and lether limbs dq

5 dan,
loose in cool air, ele
Oolee looked around to see if her kitee

ith her, The kitten normally gave her company w
ie her away from the other villagers. Aftera re ny
and dropped to the floor. Her feet impacted with q cold Pom
The wear-polished boards felt like skin. The Major and mj :
joists towered overhead, butressing the all-important Pd

roof. The cat was not here.
She wondered how long she'd slept. Oce hones
y boring, Ooi.

when cutting bricks for fuel became exceptional!
rarely came to

n Was stil

would sneak such a nap, knowing the priest
check on her. She felt rested and calm despite—or maybe
because of the nightmare.

She put her weight on the door. A warm draft brushed
her straining calves. She swung the door open and screamed in
the streaming light.

“Father.” She threw her body away from the door
trying to hide herself. “Mercy, mercy, mercy,” whispered
Oolee helplessly. “Help me,” she shouted, “['m jn the
storeroom.”

The door swung shut again, but shafts of burning
light still pierced the shade. It was hinged halfway Up its
length, designed to act as a slide for the bricks of fuel Peat, so
even though it was barely ajar it was traced, top and bottom,
in the horrible light of Heaven.

“Oolee?” Knocking came from below the floor,

“Priest, it’s the day.”

“I know, dear. You shouldn't be in the storeroom
now. You fell asleep in there again.” Oolee was Surprised the
priest had known before and not spoken of it. She didn't
answer. “There’s no way out of the storeroom but through the
narthex.”

“Can you see the face of God?” asked the priest.

“No. But, He’s here.”

“Is there something you could cover with?”

“No.”

“There must be something. If not, then the day will
simply have to be countenanced until God’s sight dims.”

“Lcan’t. The light is all over.” The floor was specked
with brightness, Oolee was afraid that it might even be shining _
on her body. The thought made her quiver. fv

“Strength, Oolee. ‘
Oooloooolooooooleececece,” he sung her name like
Calm yourself and strength will bring you thre
Look over your body, but be still. Is there light

She glanced down, barely seeing ¢
Her back arched, and she could see her shou
out, occluding a large swath of skin. “I
light on my body,”
