“Don’t worry about it.” I scratched an address down
per and slid it across the desk to him. “Why

4 of pa .
poame®F Il tonight, Mac. They've got a wicked

don’t you try this gin mI

adka gimiet there.”
a Pe loka gimlet? Sir, I'm afraid I’m in need of more

stiff drink.”
iad “Just trust me. Head over there and ask for a vodka

imlet. It will help you get your bearings.” What can I say? I
felt sorry for the guy. He was making himself into the biggest
walking mark I'd ever seen. It was really comical

“IT thought we’d
order Chinese,” she
said.

“As long as it’s
not from Oriental
Emperor. Last time
we ordered from
there I found metal
shavings in my

fried rice...”

“I’m most gracious sir, thank you.” I started to ask
who had told him to come in here for information, but he was
already shuffling across the marble floor, looking as conspicuous
as a fox in a hen house. Only it was the other way around.

I took a taxi over to the Snack-O-Mart Deli three
blocks east of my apartment just to throw off my cabby, who
would almost certainly sell this information to someone, and
also to pick up the potato chips and pimento loaf my wife

asked for when she had called that afternoon. We didn’t really
need chips or pimento loaf—hell we both hate pimentos—byt
we had to maintain pretenses, Every phone in this goddamned
city was tapped, and my office phone was no ¢xception. She
had called from our cell phone, which was pretty safe unless
someone was hacking the signal to listen in, to let me know the
Davises down the hall were planting bugs throughout the
apartment building. That’s what pimento loaf meant.

I carried a bag of chips up to the counter. I knew the

clerk pretty well, since I'd been coming in here a couple times
a week for the two years Evelyn and I had lived in our
apartment. “How you doing today, Jack?”

“Not bad, John. I also need a deck of reds, a half
pound of pimento loaf...oh, and a box of five-hundred watt
light bulbs.” ;

“You got it, pal.” He scooped the pimento loaf into
a small plastic tub, loaded the tub, the chips, and the cigarettes
into a plastic sack, and punched a few keys on the register.
“Seven seventy-five plus the bulbs.”

I handed him three twenties and said, “Keep the
change.” I scooped up my bag and exited through the back
door into the alley. As | walked up to the back door of my
building | heard the telltale momentary hum of the power
surge that would fry all of the delicate sensory equipment
the Davises had installed earlier that day. You can get just
about anything at the Snack-O-Mart these days if you know
what to ask for. When I was a kid if you wanted to fry outa
bunch of bugs you had to go buy a couple of car batteries,
wire them together, and then use jumper cables to hook them
up to the electric meter or the phone box or whatever, all
without blowing yourself to kingdom come. Ah, the
conveniences of modern living.

Evelyn already had a cold beer open for me when I
entered our apartment. I kissed her and sat down at the formica
bar that divided our kitchenette from the living room. The
apartment wasn’t much, but the rent was cheap, the place
was warm, the landlady, Ms. Lauder, hadn't tried to scam us
or sell us out, and it provided a nice view of the city. “How
was your day, baby?”

She went through the bag I brought home and tossed
the pimento loaf in the trash then took out the cigarettes and
lit one. “It was okay. I spent most of the morning tailing a
highpillow from NetCom who was kicking it with some
chippy jane whose wife did the math. I clipped some mugs,
hand developed them, sent one set to a P.O. box and another

set to his old lady. I’m supposed to meet with her next week
to arrange for the rest of the cabbage. When I came home this
afternoon I caught the Davis girl doing the jigsaw on our door
and I guessed that they'd been setting bugs around the building
again. Sure enough, I went next door to Mrs. Morris’s place,
and they'd tagged her phone and her bedroom while she was
out grocery shopping. I might say something to Ms. Lauder
about them if this happens again.” Evelyn finished with &
tight-lipped grin on her face, and I knew she wasn’t telling me
something, I decided not to press it.
