—'

parentless children anyway. The other local
difficult to avoid. The boys were testing their o, le

from the deep, and the local girls formed litle pars Mi Ith girls
down the staircase, breaking up and coalescing é Tye Re aed
random wanderings of a herd of loose goats. Bus keane the
year after year, every time dawn came and Baopies rat
for the Test of the Eye, where the children bathlncacrte
Now, it was her turn and she wandered alone, ana

She traversed the paths and corridors ofthe v
completing a huge, meandering circuit. Eve tywhere, the
people. Returning to the village center, she heard ;
voice call out, “Oolee. Ooloolooolcee...”

A woman she recognized pecked out oy cr a wall
across the street from her father’s old house. “Oolee, you're
going to come of age so nicely, You must’ve worked hard on
that outfit. Why aren’t you joining the processions?”

“I don’t really have anybody to 20 with.”

The woman pursed her lips and nodded, seeming to
understand, Oolee had passed this place hundreds of times—
the woman lived there as long as she could remember, since
before her father went away—yet this was the first time she
had spoken more that five words to her.

“Maybe we can help each other. If you were to take
over my stand for a while, I could get more pickling spice and
you could have a chance to show off to the boys from the
deep villages. We’ve had such a busy day, even for Celebration
time, you know. I just have to run up the stair a couple of
landings for more catgut.” The woman smiled warmly, “I trust

you know the value of goatskin footings?”

Children Were more

illage,
Te Were
&@ Woman’s

+ 95.2

Time sped and Oolee had only made one trade-two

pots of pickled mushrooms for a pair of footings-before the
woman returned. Oolee continued bartering while the woman
sewed pitch between multiple layers of leather to form resilient
soles. Patrons came in waves, charmed to do business with a
local girl. They were surprised by Oolee’s sense of duty,
choosing to stay here and help out her mother while the other
girls flaunted their own wares before jeering adolescent boys.
“Are youalready betrothed?” asked one older gentleman before
hinting that his son would do good to find such an independent
woman. She smiled inwardly. The thought of leaving the village
with a boy from the deep appealed to her more than she
would have expected. Coming of age was full of surprises.
Maybe, just maybe...she thought. Regardless of the outcome
of the day, it was glorious to be spared the perpetual taunting
she had endured all her life.

One of the local boys led a group of children, mostly
girls, down the little street, playing tour guide, “Here we have
my own home.” It was the tall mud-flinging boy. “This is one
of the best stands in Goatwood village. Better than anything
you'll find at the bazaar proper.”

© other childr
@Painst all the

N Were enthralled
war

They pressed
stroking, covertly
One of the boys
approval of the
£, stuffing them
t. She remained

es, touching,

ay, Ole h
f¥ed Oolee, taki mted ot to notice

©) taking her Pp
» He tabbed fat
Y White line
ad down,

ASSIVity as silent
handfuls of footin,
N Celebration outfi


pea pot down and spun round.
th hands. Just as she faced the boy,
arm and knocked the headdress to the filthy cave floor.

“I thought that was you. Ladies and gentlemen,” he
Cone pectic and girls from the deep, “meet
s irl,

All the children started laughing, but stopped
abruptly, The woman who ran the stand was standing with
one hand on her hip and the other Squeezing deeply into the
flesh of a terrified thief. “Oolee. By the Angry God, pay
attention. This boy almost got away with a whole bolt of my
best cloth.”

The woman rang a huge bell that hung near the
shelves. A head-the woman’s husband’s-stuck out an upper
story window. “Get the priest, dear. I've got some trouble
here.”

offering it forth with
he reached out a long

“| notice you slept with the goats again,” began the
priest.
Secing an advantage, the thief from the deep
interjected “She told me I could take them.”
“[ will be talking to your parents, boy. Now, go.
You may have to abstain from the Coming of Dawn ceremony.
He gestured for the boy to leave through the front door, which
he did, head hung low. “As for you Oolee, it is certain that you
cannot be trusted to act appropriately. Take your headdress
ic and put them back in the alcove.
pee els to speak, and uncertain whether to lie or tell
the truth in her defense, Oolee just sce her — disbelief.
i tive noi:
Id only make incoherent plaints
pens “It Aeon time for the Coming of Dawn ceremony.
: i Oolee, go and do as I say and
Now, come with me children. ,

sleep out the rest of the day with your goats.

Ak
