Joe turned and ran back to the stairs She didn't just laying down, 1
sa Following. and didn’t wait to find out. Back he alle

s yund the priest studying in exactly
*d been when she left with her slate and houses th;

ys were never free of sleeping

Psi uring a ceremony

: em ~~ to catch the edge of one of the
oked t .

uel © Village center, Pulling herself up,

that th :
t's body filled most of the little hall. With blazing. I Ne priest had gone, although the fire was still

ries! te had pr
aio belly that completely engulfed his manhood, | the smmcicebouse. She dine nen ees — water treacle or
s, go back down to the goat pen

taken for a female. He spent most ofhis and risk the priest's a
nd the temple, writing and reading ingot.

youngsters. Never except d

inife


is breas!
v night easily be mis

tera
xe in the village center Instead, Oolce slinked up the stairs. Soon, she’d be

-ticing his oration. 7 out of sight, lost in th loud.

and prae "The boys won't let me go to sleep. brought her into a worm onan Hecke pra bles bes

preci calm.” The priest wrinkled his brow inan Smoke obscured most of the detail res do —
s—the goats and open-

expression of deep concem, then he said, “are you trying to roofed cottages—but lights formed curtains up and down the
; pa nt

sleep with the goats again?” “ village’s slope. The cavern wall

keep “Yes, but they threw mud at me. forming an arch above the village +e eee up,

“Now, it’s okay. I told them to make sure you were that poured from the hearths Only ers a {2 rs smoke
. in the cave,

soing to join the other children for sleep. They were doing my where Oolee was now, did the smoke find esca
f ° pe.

7g.” :
oe “Why did you tell them to make fun of me?”
The priest chuckled. “I didn’t tell them anything of

the sort. I think those two just take their duties too seriously. Th ey turned her

Now, g0 off to the sleep chambers and rest with everybody

else.” °
“They'll make fun of me-my fur.” Oolec nam
subconsciously stroked the soft hair on her arms. € into a

“Now, just because you're different doesn’t mean taunt. She -13-

they're better than you.”
“Tell that to them.”

“Why don’t you tell them that long ago, everybody stopped, held

had fur-even on their heads. Even more than your father.”

“They vent bale wtaivay.ven her knife behind

hairis yours. Youare fine, You are yourself, that’s all anybody
can ask you to be. Do as I say, and go sleep.” h
Oolee knew obstinacy was an impiety. She bit her her ac ie
lip, trying not to cry. She was nearing the coming of age. It
wouldn’t do to show such emotion in front of the priest. To
| doso would be to risk being left out of the upcoming ceremony.

| P:. 258 Above the village the fissure opened into a series of
| smooth and even tunnels. They were glassy and colorful, unlike
Oolee woke amid a writhing mat of humanity. The anything in the village below. She admired the artwork; black

bald children slid over one another like worms. Her wispy and green squares alternating to form stripes and in places,
hairs stuck to her skin. An elbow poked her cheek. Her leg stippled illustrations of faces and things she didn’t recognize.
was asleep under another child’s. All the children slept in the Leading into the temple was a big doorway not far from the
alleyways surrounding the village center. She felt out of place. fissure.
Even more so than when she helped in the shearing and The climb had taken the sleep out of her to
butchering, or when she sat among them hairless children in somewhat, though she still had a few yawns left. At least up
the schoolroom. Their skin was so different from her own. It here there would be no children, she thought. Nobody came
eH! beautifully pale and smooth while hers was speckled up here before a ceremony, not when there was important

rown, disgustingly marred by ugly fur. work to do below.

Slowly, she pulled ear fide from the wakerife The priest had given her some work to do here so

i i f
masses, Some of the chi i : id the cruelty of the children and the whispers 0!
Sein nie oe - peng pr the Angry God was bigger than any
