F i rime, lifted me off

mpact knocked the air out of me,

the aa vost me careening backwards into the water

2 8

[landed with my head under water. I gasped for air
drew in nothing but water. A wrenching convulsion took

page [coughed up water even as the hog charged again.

7 tered the water at full speed producing a huge

Iten sae
splash which momentarily blinded me. This time the water

slowed the beast and I managed to escape its impact. 1 flailed
wildly for the far bank. Though the water was not deep it was
sufficient to make swimming necessary for the pig and in the
time it took for it to get its
footing | managed to stumble
out of the water and cross the
short distance back into the
trees. [quitas I could I pulled

myself up into one.
The pig broke from

the water and shook itself
ferociously. Then it charged
toward the trees stopping
short just at the edge of the
clearing, It looked directly at
me then but did not enter the
wood. Instead it trotted back
and forth at the tree line
snorting and squealing.

Thus it went for
some time. I inspected my
wounds. My thigh was
deeply punctured. I applied
pressure and was able to
staunch the flow of blood but
the leg was useless. It was
numb up into the side of my
body. In addition I had a long
gash from my left kidney up
across my ribs and just
passed my sternum.

] jammed a fist into the crux of a limb to steady

myself and passed out.

The fall woke me. I came to sprawled on my back in

abed of thistles. With great care and pain I extracted myself

from the thicket and crawled back further into the bush. My
thigh was a mass of bruised and swollen flesh, My left arm
was immobile and feeling it with my other hand I found my
shoulder dislocated. The pain in my leg overwhelmed all my

senses. I jammed its wrist in-between two tree limbs and with
a jerk pulled my shoulder back into its socket Again I passed

out.

___ When I woke it was pitch black. I could hear branches
breaking and the hog snorting. It seemed to be circling around
me. I did not move but lay as still as death.

When daylight finally filtered through the tree tops

I dragged myself on my stomach through the wood and mad
my way back to the edge of the clearing. I did not see the ho lc
My knife also was not visible. But there in the exact in
place where I had placed it lay the gold coin. I knew there was
no chance | would be able to defeat the beast. Without strength
or weapons my situation was hopeless.

The pig was nowhere in sight and I was terrified,

Somchow I forced myself to crawl around the

perimeter of the clearing dragging my leg and favoring my

good arm. My head swooned
with pain and waves of
nausea came and went. |
thought I might at least regain
my knife and have some
protection. | made my way
to the edge the thicket and
forced myself to a sit up.

Then I heard
movement from behind me.
The pig was moving toward
me. Suddenly the creature
burst from the underbrush
behind me proceeded to
trample me. Its toed feet
stomped up my back and
shoulders. I screamed and
shouted for all | was worth.

The pig retreated back
into the bush and | heard it
move off until there was
only silence.

The right side of my
face began to swell. My
breath was laborious and
with each inhalation I felt
sharp pains in my side. Then

I saw the handle of the knife jutting out of the rock near the
edge of the water. I had no doubt the beast would kill me in its
next attack. I knew there was no escape in my present condition
and the knife was my one and best chance of possibly staving
off the inevitable. And if another attack occurred I could at
least retreat into the water.

I found a stout branch and struggled to my feet. |
limped weakly toward the knife. The distance seemed
interminably long. Each sound I made terrified meas!
it would bring the hog back.

the pig came crashing out ofthe bush. It eapt from the ticks!
and landed solidly on its stout legs. It issued an ear PE be}
squeal. It main was stood on end and its cars SWIV

independently. Its huge nostrils tasted the alt. 1 fell forward
