A loud squeal pierced the dark silence. The horses
began & ternfying commotion and the w agon jerked backwards
and forwards. The old man was shouting, “Aw ay aints s

I heard Koshka moving as she shouted. “Pa pa!”

“Don’t,” I said. A terror had grasped me. Somehow
[ had conjured this wagon as a safe haven. The thought of
being left alone unnerved me and the vision of being alone
again with the animal filled me with extraordinary fear,

r But she did not :
hesitate and in a moment she
had lifted the canvas door
was gone outside.
Again the wagon

tainst myself, | was
list of destructions ad added two humans tomy
oe took hold of me and sat

nw never be free of the beast. It

te. L could not comprehend facing the
or could | invasion a method by which I could
gain control of the situation.
In the end | could not think
atall and sat in this state even

Creature again n,

as the daylight came.
jatctvicaty dice -L WOKe to the hot Sriram

came shouts and the horses

fallen asleep but the

seemed to bring me to my

struggling in their harnesses. rf ° movement of the wagon
The I beard a high pitched stench o breathing

wale. “Grandfather!”

senses.

“Stay inside,” the on my face. A bove I crawled to the front

old man shouted. His voice
was broken and weak, more

a plead then and order. m é, Sn out

I held tightly to

and out into the sunlight.
One of the harnesses
hung lose where a horse had
wet, tusks previously been. The
remaining stead jumped a bit

the wagon and listened in “
fearful silence to the protruding from the at my presence then sewed

commotion outside.

down. Blood had dried on its
stomach and right leg. Itheld

“It’s under the corners of its this leg up off the ground.

wagon!” the old man
shouted.

as the wagon jerked
suddenly forward and began

moving. SO large

I wanted to move,

The morning was

Koshkascreamed = MOUTH, Stood A hog _ ‘esiversvenchandiccke

around. The reigns of the
horses were wrapped around
as to be the pull brake. I could not

immediately bring myself to

to climb out and help in nearly the size of loosen them and | was not

some way. But the wagon
protected me now and |

could not dredge up the myself... event.

courage to even look out and
see what was happening.
Instead I held fast to my
place and begged myself to
do something. The thought
of facing the red eyed beast
again immobilized me and I began to sob as the screaming and
shouting outside continued.

I’m wounded, I told myself. They would have turned
me in anyway, I thought. I told them to stay inside. I didn’t
ask for.... But yes I had. In all my actions I had asked for just
this. I knew that Koshka and her grandfather would not survive
on the ground with the beast.

The wagon slowed to a stop.

I heard a few shouts from the distance then nothing.

| lay there all night. My mind filled with created

Visions of what had happened. My will could not move my

sure the horse would be
capable of movement in any

But I knew | had to
go back and see what had
happened. The fear in me
pushed to grab the reins and
run. But shame from my
cowardice the night before

was a much greater force.

“K oshka!” I heard the old man shout.
[ hurried the horse along. Soon lcome upon the old
man who was walking along the edge of the road calling into
unding wood. “Koshka! Koshka!
che i When | approached he turned and looked atme with
a rage and hatred that burned through the tears on his face. He

inued calling.
turned back to the wood and contin eer
ries at the same time, °!
siopoth wrk nd. In an instant | forgot
