rthe knife and landing on my side | got a hold of it,
eways into the water and came to a rest on my

reaching for

stled side : 4
a holding the knife out in defense.
sto

The hog though, had not moved. It observed me
, seemed not to consider me a danger.
cautiously ety itapproached, I braced myself for the attack
put it never came. The pigs attention was diverted to the coin
nich still lay on the rock where I had placed it. The pig
sia ~ me the coin commanded its attention, It walked to the
vu with its huge snout examined the gold.

| slipped further back into the water until just my
nd nose protruded above the surface. Even in my terror
water soothed of my wounds.

Suddenly the pig snatched the coin up in its mouth
ith a jerk of its head, swallowed the sovereign.

The effect was immediate. The animals grunts
quieted. It shivered. Its main smoothed out and seemed to
attain an imperceptible luster. Brow and cyes relaxed and it
blinked oddly as if the light had become too bright. Then,
strangely, it lay down on its side and began to wallow happily
in the dirt. | was transfixed by the change in the beast.
Eventually it regained its feet and calmly walked to the waters
edge not more than a few feet from me. It eyed me as it drank
but I could read nothing there. Its gaze was one of simple
observation. It drank deeply then ambled some yards away
and lay down where it simply went to sleep.

eyes a
the cool

and W

| wasted no time. Tucking the blade in my waist
band and regaining the branch I had dropped I limped as quickly
as possible away from the area. Even in its present lethargy |
had no illusions about defeating the animal. I would make
quick my escape and hope my wounds would heal. | wished
fervently that I could somehow find my way back to the

village.

The next morning I chanced to finda wild bunch of

and another crop of berries. For the first time in
weeks I was able to fill my stomach and was free of the gnawing
hunger which had plagued me.

The gash around my torso seemed to be healing and
the swelling in my arm if not retreating seemed to have stopped.
I had regained a bit of feeling in my finger tips. My face was
still swollen and my sides ached. I had a few loose teeth I
could wiggle with my tongue. But worse was the wound in my
thigh, Ithad gone yellow and the puncture itself seemed not to
be healing at all. An infection was setting in and the area of the
wound seemed to be spreading.

I rested as much as I dared then resumed my
movement hoping to get as much distance as possible between
myself the creature.

I found the road the next aftermoon. I thought heard
some squealing faintly through the night though I did not see
any sign of the animal. To my joy I discovered wagon tracks in

the ruts the re
s dad, | sta
a stupor the threat of yed on the road from then on moving in

unconsciousness looming ever near.

I did
id not hear the beast approach, rather I felt it in

th
e earth. A cloud of dust spewed up in the distance. [had no

Strength left a
the knee. My ae my leg had grown black and yellow down to

reath was shallow due to ini i
i
Any overt exertion was unbearable bine on

! could do nothing but stand and wait for the animal


to arrive,

It came quickly into view, gallopi
dust and stones into the air. a itt Arr Pesce
me. I pulled the knife from my waist band and placed its tip
against my chest thinking I would fall upon it. A quick death
might be preferable to what the beast would do.

_ Then the idea came to me and lowering the knife I
reached into my pouch and pulled out one of the remaining
coins, | held it at arms length in front of me.

Its effect on the creature was uncanny. The beast
stopped a few yards away from me, mesmerized by the coin.

Its stance was threatening and I felt it would attack at any
moment, Its breath was heavy and coarse.

throwing

I tossed the coin toward it. No sooner had it landed
on the road than the pig was on it and gobbling it up.

Again the effect was immediate. The coin sedated 29-

the pig. Its coat became softer its eyes less fierce. It rolled a
few times in the road then trotted happily off into the woods.

It began as a quiver in my stomach, then a painful
shaking in my chest until finally it erupted in a great fit of
laughter from my throat. | stumbled backward with the force
of it and cackled uncontrollably in delirious humor. | had one
coin left. Perhaps I could stave off one more attack. After that
the price would be my life I was sure. My laughter moved the
loose teeth in my jaw and I stumbled forward into the twilight,
delirious, the taste of blood slowly filling my mouth, visions
of home and family slowly filling my mind.

“It’s of no use,” came a soft and gentle voice.

“The maggots will cat the infection,” the second
voice was harsh and deep. ‘

“The leg must be removed.

“Are you prepared to do that?”

There was silence. ny al

“Neither am I.” then, “Do you think it’s him?”

“Yes, it’s him.”
