the showdowns In the westerns I watched on television as a

boy, I stuffed the binoculars inmy pocket, holstered the pistol,
and walked out of the front door of the library. Two men
stepped out of the SUV; suits. Ronny would have been in
love. [held up the briefcase. The suit from the passenger side
opened the door and Evelyn climbed out of the vehicle, I
walked forward slowly and the second suit led Evelyn up to
the sidewalk. The first suit kept his gun trained on me. “I wish
to thank you, Mister Anderson, for your prompt assistance
in this matter.”

“Kiss my ass,” I said. I sat the briefcase down at the
bottom of the Library steps. The second suit let go of Evelyn's
arm and picked up the briefcase, then backed away, He was
also carrying a gun. My heart thumped hard in my chest, my
hands were clammy. I'd had too many guns pointed at me that
night. Evelyn wrapped her arms around me and I held her
close. Her lip was swollen and bloody, but her face grim, her
eyes dry.

“I have to tell you something,” she whispered.

“Well, chaps,” I said, “since you've got your
briefcase and I’ve got Evelyn, we're just going to take off

“I set this all up,” she whispered again, “I heard
about the peregrine and sent him to you. I thought it would be
casy money.”

“Ah, not quite yet sir,” said the first suit. “You of
course understand that I have to examine the case to make sure
it hasn't been tampered with. And then of course, I'll have to
shoot you both.”

“1 know. It’s okay. I love you,” I whispered to
Evelyn. Then I called out to the suit. “I've seen enough plugs
fly tonight, thank you. And you'll want to watch that case,
it’s a Koening model 472 and if you miss the right combo, it
goes boom.” :
The suit ignored me and fumbled with the little
golden suitcase dials. “Ah, there we go,” he said as he flipped
open the latches. I grabbed Evelyn's arm and pulled her to the
sidewalk under me. The briefcase exploded in a burst of flame,
incinerating the suit who was holding it, and blowing the other
into the SUV. I pulled Evelyn behind a statue of Abe Lincoln
and the SUV exploded like a small volcano. “Goddamn gas
hogs.”

I couldn’t help it. I started to laugh. I looked at
Evelyn, saw the tears standing in her cyes. I helped her to her
fect, heard my own knees creaking as I stood up. “I’m too old
for this stuff. It’s time to retire. Let's scoot, more button men
will be here soon.” She nodded and we hobbled down a dark
alley hand in hand.

“So you set me up.”

She looked into my eyes, trying to read my
expression, trying to figure out how angry I was.

“I figured it out when I saw the photos. Then I rang
Patrick. He cracked the box for me then altered the combination.
But honey, if you wanted to move, I would have taken a
second job,”

She shook her head. She was crying now. “It wasn’t
just moving. Getting another job would have taken too long.
I'm pregnant.”

Advertise!

the floating liars’ club is a fine forum to promote your Columbus

We offer full page, half page, column, and business-card sized

rates.

We also offer special design, layout, and writing services for featured

Please inquire about ad space at:

business.

ads at competative

advertisers.

$$ TAR
