other round of tug-o-war but I let go and she
- yn the planks.
rawals back dov
cs “Christ,” | hiss, “What kind of madman listens to
ical music?” Stupid question. I tiptoe inside. They havent
= II yet so there are visible gaps between the

installed dry w#
se ort beams. The bearded man sits Indian style on the
aoe deflating a faded Cincinnati Bengals bench cushion. |

sneak forward but the

a thump on the floor. :
“| don’t have the money,” the man says in a soft,

composed tone, like the voice of a guidance counselor.
“That’s okay,” I say, “rent’s not due until the house

Fawn W ants an

damn mud on my Nikes comes down in

is built.” _
The man tums his head. He’s calm.

“You shouldn't be here, this place is dangerous,”
the man says.

“1 don't know. Seems like some solid carpentry,” I
say, knocking on a wooden beam, twittering nervously at the
dualism of it. “We saw a light on and wanted to check it out.
Name’s Keith.”

The man looks back at me and nods.
“Well, Keith, you saw lights and decided to check
it out. Ballsy, you don’t even know what you're
walking into. What’s this ‘we’ business? Who
you got with you?”

“Fawn,” I yell out into the dark. “She's
a bit scared. Read the backs of too many milk 4
cartons. Fawn!”

The man stands up and wipes the
sawdust off the back of his jeans. He’s wearing a
black Stryper shirt. His hair is greasy and small
strands arch in a sparse nest at the part in the J
middle. Long tresses drape over his shoulders. /
He turns off a CD boom box, splashes of
paint mottled all over it with a powdering of sawdust.

Fawn shies in behind me. “It’s all right, Fawn. I
don’t think he can fit us in that Chevette with all those tools
in there. No carpenter would trade his tools for anything.

He'd have to cut us up first,” I say.

Fawn loses the color in her face, looks about to lose
many things held up inside of her. The man laughs into a fit of
coughing and spits. “You got balls,” he says, wheezing. “Bigger

balls than you know.”

Fawn peeks over my shoulder. I feel her shaking

hand on the small of my back.

“You can call me Stryper. Step into the light girl,

let’s see that dress,” Stryper says.

I elbow Fawn in the ribs and nod my head, Stryper
extends his hand to her and she places hers, soft and quivering,
into his and he twirls her. She spins awkwardly, her legs stiff

with fear.

“That’s some dress, honey. Never seen one quite

like it,” Stryper says. “You Keith’s girl?”

“Not exactly,” | say, cutting her off. “We've just

known each other forever.”

Fawn gasps. Behind the house, a wooded area is full
of chirping insects and an owl hoots.

“Hoo-hoo-ha-hooah,” Stryper hoots. He hushes us
holds up a hand for us to listen, and then hoots again. The owl
is silent.

“Hoo-hoo-ha-hooah,” I hoot. Nothing.

“Give it a try, honey. Let’s hear your owl call,”
Stryper says. She backs away from him and retreats behind
me.

“Come on, Fawn, Ict’s hear it,” I say,

“Hoo-hoo-ha-hooah,” Fawn hoots, her voice
tremulous.

The owl hoots back.

“See, it likes your sweet voice,” says Stryper. He
stares into the dark woods, pensively picking at his teeth with
his fingernail. “This place is dangerous. Anyone shoot pool?”

Against Fawn’s judgment and extensive imploring,
we go to Dutch’s, a former V.F.W. which draws a menial crowd
of drunks, but the pool is only fifty cents a game and the

woman in the push up bra at the bar isn’t
unfriendly with the Jack Daniel's. I expect
} Fawn to be hesitant. She’s the type of person
that needs to be pushed off the high dive at
the swimming pool, but soon after the section
of concrete between the diving well’s steel
ladder and the ladder of the diving board is
drenched with her incessant diving. She needs
\ excitement and doesn’t have the means to
bring it about herself. Despite all of her fear,
I'll show her a good time. Deep down, that’s
why she’s been my friend since childhood,
but she wouldn't admit it. She'd have some
other way to describe it.
‘ There are deer heads hanging over the bar
and I wonder if Richard Hugo fattened his liver here, if
this was the Milltown Bar. They have a great old fashioned
juke trimmed with neon lights and I’m inclined to throw ten
dollars in it on the entire Johnny Cash Live at Folsom Prison,
plus some Willy. There are a few stragglers, all of them like
sleeping dogs, they raise their heads at the first unfamiliar
sound and stare until they feel reassured. The barkeep, Lona,
pours me a tall Jack and Coke and a Long Island Iced Tea for
Fawn. She eyes Stryper while she sprays Coke from a hose.

“God damnit, Joe,” she says. “The shit is real deep
this time,” She’s about to cry.

Stryper and Lona step inside a walk in cooler. Even
inside there, I can hear muffled expletives and heavy sobs.
Fawn looks at me and | shrug and pull off the double straws
until I feel it burn, I'm ready to dull my senses. When the
cooler door opens, Lona steps out first and is pape
smeared eye shadow with a doily or some fancy tow’
Stryper’s eyes are glassy and he sniffs and begins Rares
toward us, but Lona seizes him and hugs him real re

shouts, “Drinks are on the house.” It seems we are Me ©

snouts enthused by this, though. The stragglers are esealial
