He retriev ed a wheelbarrow from the garage. When he came
sprinting back with it, he stopped and momentarily rested
with his hands on his knees, his face flushed, an aurora of light
sised in the darkness of his closed eyes.

2 He wedged his hands under the dog and hoisted it
up into the wheelbarrow. A hot flash of pain blasted in the
«mall of his back, The dog cried and kicked its legs; its nails
scraped his gut. He fumbled over the wheelbarrow, Martha’s
voice was faint behind him, asking him if he was okay. Wallace
ran across the street, pushing the wheelbarrow in front of him.
He felt something give inside of him.

Everything blended. All the insect songs, the water
rushing sound of the wind blowing in the trees, the dark sky
and cold lawns, all bleared and swirled like a child’s finger
painting that Wallace thought to himself as the closing episode
of his life. He fainted. The wheelbarrow skidded on its metallic
elbows, spitting sparks until it hit the curb and the Foxhound
tumbled out onto the sidewalk.

Wallace awoke the next morning to fragments of light burning
through the blinds. Martha sat on the edge of the bed. She
leaned over him, her breasts draping into him as she felt his

foreh 3 i
i ae Smiled weakly and shook her head. Wallace felt
* Bing of strawberries patched on his knees and scrapes

on his face Martt
n ee. Na Wet a rag in the bat it
against his cuts, 5 aaa

= ‘I Spoke with the doctor,”
se It’s time to take these,” she said
the Klonopin. She put one in his mouth

water, He held his hand up to halt her,

" “The dog made it,” she said, “though I can't tell
wi ich damaged it more - me hitting it with the car, or you
throwing it onto the sidewalk.”

The pill tasted like glue and became wet and sticky
on Wallace’s tongue,
“I'm sorry,” Wallace said. Speaking with the pill in
his mouth he sounded like he had bitten his tongue. He grabbed
Martha’s hand and squeezed it.

“It Il take a while for it to heal, but it’s going to be
all right,” she said.

She pressed the glass to Wallace’s lips and a gentle
Stream of water carried the pill in a cooling sensation over the
dry and brittle passage of Wallace’s throat, chilling the steady

rhythm of his heart. Wallace closed his eyes in relief, ready to
sleep again.

she said in a soothing
and twisted the cap off
and grabbed a glass of

Advertise!

the floating liars’ club isa fine forum to promote

We offer full page, half page, column,

rates.

We also offer special design, layout, and writing

Please inquire about ad space at:

your Columbus business.

and business-card sized ads at competative

services for featured advertisers.

ie eee

tes

njamin cri:

be
