BESS 4a 1

ee
| nathan meknight C

sding the first of the month at Vietoe

fé, Although this comes after the

lar activities each month, inclug

ot up at the Gallery Hop
ion e people Lost in
ench waiting for a by
lets and on nightsta
aking this effort a viahy

nber i

ang femal

for a story. It took nearly four years and three or
four takes before I got it down. Maybe, I haven't
My gut tells me it’s right, though. | love how
Yee idea for a story lives in the subconscious until

get it down. This one was with me as | drove
by fields of stubble, past an accident on the
interstate, and with me as | reveled at the
impossible synchronicity of my turn signal with
that of the car in front of me at traffic lights. It’s
true what Chabon said about writing being
porous. When you're looking for what's needed
ina story, it does often find you. That’s why many
pivotal scenes and moments have been written
‘on the back of ATM receipts or junk mail. The
spring winds of 1999 carried JFK Jr. into the murky
Atlantic Ocean off of Martha’s Vinyard. Is that
the Voice of God? If there is a creator in some
form, haven’t the Kennedy’s pissed them off
something awful?

Nathan McKnight, a geologist and expert rat
trainer at COSI, has written an intriguing story
on the circularity of life, one that is reminiscent
of Clarke’s 2001: A Space Odyssey in some ways.
It too has an element of recovery as the Memory
of Flesh is looking for its home planet. Claire, in
McKnight’s Elders in the Love Garden, finds
herself huddling up to a wax figure of Mrs. Hoover
while pining for her grandmother. Joe Bellomy’s
Concrete Afternoon, laden with deft detail and
imagery, tells the recollection of a girl’s
experience with a cult. Shannon Rampe--in what
may be one of the more disturbing scenes I’ve
read in a while--accurately captures the school
bus experience and adds more depth to the
already gloomy yellow mass. Aman tells what went
wrong with his life--why the bear magnets have
migrated to another refrigerator--to an
unsuspecting editor in Rampe’s A Cover Letter,
where style is truly an extension of format. | hope
you enjoy this second batch of stories, as much
as I’ve enjoyed watching them blossom, and
continue to support our cause.

Stay with us and we'll keep you afloat.

Ben Crites
October 2002

ee

a pag ee aa ae

contents

Elders in the Love Garden............4
nathan mcknight

Two Skirmishes in the
Never-ending War in Rural Ohio...9
shannon rampe

Timothy. ak}

joe bellomy

The Dreams a Sleeping Lion... 18
ben crites

The Memory of Flesh....... 25,
nathan mcknight

The Recovery of Sunken Vessels...29

ben crites

A Cover Letter ... sees 00035,
shannon rampe

Concrete Afternoon... sosed 7
joe bellomy

about the contributors. 39

© Eveningland Publications, October 200.
All rights reserved.

A product of ' ‘Columbus, Ohio.

if ay

DO

CO0T taquia.
1

qnj) ,sAvy &

L
Claire was thinking about Gramma again when the wax his hand on Claire's shoulder. “You take care ofthe barem Hs
and put a little rouge on Vishna while I go dress my tant

iron thumped on the floor and Grampa Lyssic shricked like
a boy a tenth his age. Claire nodded, lip between teeth. She took the

“Clairebell you know you got to hand it to me the other and picked her way among the girls ofthe seene:
way hon!” She tensed at seeing him rock in his work chair,
rubbing the scorched palm and inspecting it with eyes
shrouded in deep wells of puffy skin.

“Oh Grampa, I’m so sorry!” She felt the corners of her
eyes moisten vicariously.

Tiny specks of wax stippled his cheeks and arms.

“Now don’t you cry honey. Pappy’s okay. You just

gotta be more careful, that’s all. Shoot!” Grampa glanced
down. They'd both forgotten about the fallen instrument.
He grabbed the wax iron just too Late to keep it from melting
adivot in the rosewood linoleum. He laid it gingerly on one
of the asbestos plates that surfaced the workbench. He put

laces and scarves didn’t obscure an
-urly-haired bosom. However, the extra
obviously Te nd ashes made ber wonder. That, and the
blush ad Joe was so delicate, even pretty—despite its
fat tat 1 Satared into the glossy black eyeballs, trying to
Dee mate in bet head while she lashed hi up,
a mad been easier work than Vishnu though she
The harem eral shades before choosing a deep burgundy
tad to 1 against the tawny wax. She went back tothe
that sto she finished Vishnu and painted glossy, puce
pat vn thickly. She thought she might like that
fhe herself one day. Moving back and forth
core the workbench, first with blush, then lipstick, #/J
from reily with eye shadow, she was extra careful |%
them disturb anything she wasn’t supposed to,
ee work was a dance of perfection, arranging
she coon for maximum effect. Sometimes though,
<hecame precariously close to toppling the crowded \7
neem Icke the apprentice plate-spinners at /-
arena’s, andit frightened Claire to think that her
Munainess might cost Grampa several weeks worth
work not to mention his health. Grampa seemed
ore frail than the wax figures and anything she
“jd to them she may as well be doing to him. But
st couldn't be helped—Claire had to finish it.
‘Grampa came back into the room. “Careful 4
there,” he said. “We might just get more business,
than the Verona Fun Park with this one.”
Claire hoped this exhibit would do some good
for Grampa's health. After last summer, she knew
a bad exhibit could certainly do him harm. Last summer
‘when the regional Shriner convention was crowding the aisles
andspilling out onto the stone walk and the sun had softened
the wax of the French Revolution display, the neck under
the guillotine melted and the Marquis’s head fell off into its
Jong- waiting basket. The crowd was more than amused, but
Grampa fell down flat like he'd been the one executed.
Tumed out he had a heart attack. A little bite, he called it.
He said his old heart couldn't bear that kind of stress, not on

one of the most important days of that year.

neaped-o7 ee

color

u.

The light of dusk filtered into the yard through the trees
on the ridge. Claire wedged herself into the bay window by
the porch and reread Gramma Adie’s letter. The hand that
wrote it was visibly rheumatic. The d’s and t’s were gangly
and the s’s were pinched, telling more about Gramma’s
condition than the words themselves. Claire’s memory of
her grandmother had faded in the last two years. She had
trouble holding the image in her head, She could clearly see
an ever-twitching cheek and she could hear the old woman
cough, but Claire had to struggle to remember what color her
eyes were, She didn’t even remember’ whether she had glasses

oF not,

Before she got the TB, Gramma Adie had gone to
Missouri to help out her eldest granddaughter—
cousin Joann. The divorce happened shortly after that when
Gramma found a Northern man who promised to take care
of her. Claire thought that was nice of the Northemer, but
ipa had a lot of words for the man, even though he and
Gramma busted up pretty quick. Now, Gramma was back
in Joann’s house and Joann still had plenty of trouble with
her two kids to worry about a sickly old woman.

Gramma had always had lung problems, but
this was the first time she'd mentioned them in a

she wrote, I'd be dead already without them.
Grampa’s old typewriter sat in the hallway
between the house and the museum. She typed
in near darkness, the only light shining in from
£2) Grampa’s workshop, where he was molding the
A limbs for Shiva. Grampa hadn't used his
typewriter since he’d stopped replying to
Gramma’s letters. On account of his
nearsightedness, she didn’t have to worry
about Grampa seeing what she wrote. Claire
tried to imagine what Grampa would say if
he knew Gramma Adie was sick.

‘Adie honey, she wrote, [know you're sick
but my poor heart still hurts so much that I
‘can't bear to see your face. I believe you'll
be better real soon. I believe I will come see
‘you when I can think about your pretty face
without crying. Maybe I'll send Clairebell up to see you
when the weather clears, Love, Ulysses. Claire looked over
her work, trying to hear Grampa’s voice saying the words.

When she Grampa shut the light off in his workshop,
Claire followed him into the kitchen. The glass pane of the
window where she'd been sitting left a cold section on her
back. She leaned against the refrigerator’s side, always warm.
Grampa Lyssie was pouring bourbon into an empty tomato
puree can. The label was yellowing and beginning to peel
around the edges, but was otherwise well-preserved.

“Grampa...” He looked at the letter in her hand,
frowning. “Pappy... Can I sleep in the Lincoln Bedroom
tonight?”

1 suppose. But if you get chilly, you cowl into bed
with Pappy. It’s a mighty cold evening tonight, it is.”

Claire turned the thermostat in the museum lobby es

a few degrees, though Grampa had repeatedly wamed he

bout melting the wax. The Lincoln Room was quite Cty

it ize. Lou Henry
but the litile bed was cozy and just her size.
Hoover stood with her rock collection next t0| the Se

i ire fell asleep sta
inviting guests into the room. Claire fell
Tek of the First Lady's head by moonlight

call the next moming. The way he was

rampa got way hs
Grampa art n the phono, Claire supposed it was # Dis

getting excited on

nathan mcknight

+

Elders in the Love Garden
She didn’t want to
a been stecling her nerves for
fy and stared in the mirror,

Grampa woke Up.
1t unsteady. She
jess amused

hing forthe Veron

t, but she’

rotten up early and s
lt until

jjob—maybe some
ruin his excitement

i morning, &
ate ig a determined head

ne call came and
tole past the Elder Statesmen’
tha Saal that the old men were al

“ phe suid Comm Lear |
see ‘vnatever it is. T have 0 g0-

“ v, honey, ave to
Ne epi like the wax Valentino lying on
carat behind him. “Reverend Woods 58y8 be might have
soune work for me.” He threw on his corduroy jacket an
started out the door.

Baclreeeayen squatted down—stll smiling, but

=¢ lips twisted to one side. “What's wrong Clairebell?”
pee T was hoping maybe I could visit Gramma
tbe ewisted smile became a grimace, hurt and confused.
“Now, why you wanna go and do that? She ain’t never took
the time to come here and visit you.”
“But I haven’t seen her in so long, Pappy. Please.”
“Why you wanna see that old bag? She ain’t even wrote
you.” Claire knew that was lie. She'd fished a dozen letters
outof the trash and all of them asked about her. Sometimes,
she even sent a dried leaf or a Canadian penny as a gift to
Claire. Grampa Lyssie’s lower lip turned down, pulling the
upper lip with it which in turn pulled his nose downward,
© drawing his whole face into a frown.
Claire nodded, but added “What if she’s sick, Pappy.”
Claire hoped to uncover a hint of sympathy. The result
was confusing at first. Grampa turned his head, trying to
choke back a sob. Claire put a hand over her mouth as if to
stop the words even though they'd already come out. Grampa
started bawling, his squat turned into rocking. She hugged
him, and let her tears wet his suede-covered shoulders.
“Clairebell, she’s trying to take you from me don’t you
see? She took my heart and soul, and now she’s trying to
take my only care in the world. Clairebell, you know you're
my life.” He wiped his tears, but Claire didn’t wipe hers.

practicing
But that phot

Grampa came back from Reverend We
_ Gramp foods’s i
‘wringing his hands. He sat out some onion leaf traci sabe
and started digging through the stack of Saturday By ie
oe Baesti> the fridge. Claire watched silently, Latte
aes a He able epee the pages of a few until
Hane ,
bag onan afeeeepe i a Picture of an exotic-
‘A Mr. Ackerman from the Ohio Governor’s Council i
suas gs nis
m about the museum and he’. isi
ue : d he’s gonna visit, We
=fabaires i ay pence I Fairto builda fiber
et ae st Ihe likes the place here, 1

an exhibit for the World’s Fair} Right here j
in

work, Can you imagine! Mala
Gatlinburg!”

He whittled a sharp point onto seo, oe

behind his ear and doodled a pair of antennae oat hehe

in the magazine. Grampa crooked hi: We
Probe itd Clalee sce Wis neck foratong mt
‘think we can get this deal on the
exhibit. But we gotta spend all day Gmonsal OF the ney,
gotta set the jewels and dress Shiva, not to mente Sil
on all them fingers! I need your expert hand with mis
up lion. Oh, and I forgot about the nose ringst™g
Lyssie laid the tracing paper over the magazine ang on™
sketch out a scene featuring the woman and a buna eats
elflike creatures with matching antennae, Of litte
“Pll go down to the Green Store ai ‘
want,” said Claire nd Bet the rings ityoy
“Are you sure, hon? It’s almost a mile.” Claire
and after a moments reflection Grampa said, “Pt tg
what. Why don’t I give you some money and jeter You
me up some rings—get the cheap ones, but only if yous,
find them in gold...the nose rings thatis; the finger iets
be whatever—and I’ll throw in an extra nickel for saat”
Oh, and get some more scarf material too—and pais
cane wax. And see if Mrs. Stieger’ll put in an order for kt
a pound of ozokerite.”
Grampa Lyssie handed her a five note and went back to
scratching lines on the onion leaf paper. “Bye-bye Clai
hurry back hon.” SY
“Bye, Grampa.” She stared down at the bill as she left
through the back.

The back room housed the Saponofied Iroquois
Princess—a girl tuned to soap. The brass placard said that
she died two hundred years ago from heartbreak when her
lover, a Hessian general, left her to sail the high seas. She
never asked Grampa Lyssie if she was real or if he’d molded
her dark, splotchy skin with his own hands. It didn’t look
like Grampa’s work, though. Grampa always worked hard
to make his figures attractive. So did Claire, for that matter.

The walk down to the Green Store wasn’t so bad, except
that she didn’t have anything to wear that was quite warm
enough. She wondered ifa girl could really turn to soap out
of heartbreak, the pain stilling her flesh from the outside in.
She wondered what the weather was like in Jackson City
right now. She wondered whether the five note would get
her all the way to Missouri, but frowned at the thought of
making Grampa Lyssie cry again. Anyhow, it was probably
snowy and icy. Somehow, the thought didn’t make her feel
any warmer now. A chilly breeze came down from the
Mountains to fight with the dirty wafts of heat thrown off
by buildings and automobiles in town. Here, in a gully ste
used as a shortcut past the curling driveway, the cold won
out and chewed at her soul under the trees that shadowed a
al Teady overcast afternoon. As she made her Way
¢huwnwards, the heat began displacing the cold. By the tite
the ground leveled she was feeling almost cheerful and ste
ted planning her next letter to Gramma in her

|

The store’s gravel lot spread rou,

sh-edged across 4

\d; white-rocked and ney
Siti On oer of ea Bee an ee yy
i mat om, aloud
fecame the lot for the Rough Rider Saloon, Ow “Why did Mt ud cough and a
the saloon side, there were a few dusty cars but is de Mart oo

“Claire, 1 1
Leroy and the Lenn at iil between

Sometime, and I g ‘Verybody’s got to die

ae
Leroy del Mae's time ua mori Was

the big, green general store only had Mrs
Stieger's rusty Buick

“Young lady, where is your grandfather?

nathan mcknight

Mrs. Stieger’s son, Oscar scowled at Claire as del Mars in ogo.
be tugged. jangling set of keys out of his back Beaten ws Sys wer
Up the saloon?”

‘ket. Be e | «
ole sent me down to order some ozokerite j = bert is ‘ae 1 been it. But it’s mainly
and get some things. % his mother for monthe fr getting along with
“Wel, you'll have to wait until tomorrow. BOLO Say goodbye:"He shook geet
My mother will have to do any ordering.” \ Continued, “See Claire it's paper
“Can't I at least...” die tha’ important. I's how ooo
“No lip now, girl. I'm closing up. Tell ‘ things when you go. And, pss
Ulysses that he shouldn’t let you run around y everybody's afraid to die. That’s a big
‘on your own these days. Town’s becoming * \ Part of why people get sad when their
amadhouse.” Oscar latched the glass doors AAW \ friends die; they're reminded that it's
together and flipped through the keys | ‘gonna be them one of these days.”
until he found the one with the 14). if He said that it was his job
Buick logo. He seemed surprised 5 J fo make people less sad when
| when he looked up and Claire ? } somebody dies. That’s what he
was still standing in the EE met eee Sticger
parking lot. He deepened the " caer tary 5
frown lines around his & = Letra
mouth for a while, then his INN ee
| expression melted and ANS naire
smoothed. “Here now, why CN By the time Oscar
don't give you a ride home p fi copped her off at the
honey?” - zt bottom of the drive, the
Oscar had Claire climb in the sun was down and the
backseat because he had to pick up the “(J porch light was on. Grampa
reverend on the way. They went along ( was still working, and he said
vay up the hill before coming onalittle f\/) not to worry about the supplies.
shack in the woods. It was starting to Amd He'd go to the store in the moming.
darken and firelight glowed in the single Claire didn’t remind him that she still
window. Shadows were tossed across the walls. Oscar had the five dollars in her pocket.
red his horn to get their attention. Reverend wes
acked out the door after a time, clasping the hands ofan ol
| lady, and altemating his head See Bon onl at back Tat may ee iene ce toes os =
sorctth swing, as trying i dink away asl xyes =) eae a work on the Love Garden. She thought she’d

condolences at the same time. pg cones See
When he got in the car, the two men conversed as though leaned, mores ae that day than in the other eig!
a wasn’t sitting in the backseat. Oscar was grim, but years of her li Ses Parag naaraaced “a
the reverend, always animated, made ight of hesituation— Grampa went to bed cul se eso
‘ppatently, the del Mar boy shot up the saloon this morning, through the ee cece is aeons
2d then timed the gun on himsel: Popped hisslf ikea. Beso he woul ove Oa Tea
cen said the reverend ashe flicked a thumb in is, OT had lft her to finish puting the sags on
Teen ae ee od er gn fa isu su ented toplist oe rae
rote ferson in the Hall of Elder
iperend Woods waved a hand over his head. “Now fake Jef rk most of her will to stay up the night, When the
‘ose MeCabe; Wiese Saag first lights of dawn made dust motes sparkle in the air, she
Mood on the bed and kissed Mrs. Hoover’s lightly rouged,

Ml.

Elders in the Love Garden

Jicately on her own
daubed rouge _ pea Ved left the

fips pink and
cheeks and paint g
d, barel g J
sata tb a ee
Hancock and Wiliim els and satin trim. Jefferson WH
ith vee ho didn’t have a waistline Digger
‘outstretched arms. Now,
eg suit on herself and
tucked the money’ Grampa had, Late
her for the rings and candy into 1 2
inside pocket. She Cay
Jefferson ever! really needed to!
snything lke she di. The litle Figure
of the president lay on the floor,
Tooking unready for his final
placement, Claire lugged the former
president out into the newer section
of the museum.

Jk. Then, she

waren chee ae

She finished her work and closed
the black velvet curtains just like

Grampa had them, ready for
unveiling. She packed some snacks from the fridge and left

the museum, locking the door carefully behind her. Grampa
had left a sign on the front door for Mr. Ackerman expecting
that he wouldn’t wake up before the Ohio gentleman arrived.
Please ring the doorbell, it said.

On the way down the gully, she ate a sickly sweet fig and
molasses bar.

Vv.

The train station was already busy at this early hour and
she had to wait in line behind drowsy strangers to get her
ticket. She told the attendant she was going to Jackson City,

“T'm sorry honey,” said the gray-haired lady behind the
"ee ee twenty cents short.”

‘down at the five-dollar-bill an i
begin to twitch and her eyes tear up. ‘aa

“Gramma,” she said, sobbing.

‘Are you traveling with your grandmother, dear?”

Claire shook her head and between

little yp;
told the grandmotherly lady that she was (18 frai

was f
Gramma Adie. She wiped her eyes on the ststye Mili
her skin prickle, turning to buttery soay. J**ktand

D.
“Oh, honey don't cry. It’s okay. [ll tell
don't you give me the five, and we'll cal it even st

Claire watched the Tennessee mountains rise

become mists, and fi va!
into flatness. She sey teett

—

this Earth, she imagined tsheuae
a big event, something that would
make Reverend Woods nod andy
‘Yup she sure kicked the bucket she
did. Grace be to God, rest her
little soul. Claire lay down and
dreamed of Gramma,
v

Claire stood up from the glosy,
black bench of the caboose. The wer
Missouri air was uncomfortable to breath, but carried the
sweet odor of mulch.

“I can’t believe you're here, honey. How's
Ulysses doing? Still doting on that old shack ofa museum of
his?” Gramma Adic’s skin hada gray tinge under the cheeks.
Her lips were gaudy crimson and the bechive wig she wore
almost matched the sky.

Claire tried not to scratch, knowing that her skin would
tum pink and she wouldn’t look pretty for Gramma, The felt
suit Claire took from Mr. Jefferson made her skin itch all
over. She tried not to think about the naked president she'd
left kissing Vishnu.

Gramma Adie coughed and took Claire’shand.
“Gramma,” said Claire, “I have to tell you something:
You know those letters? Alll those nice letters Grampa wrote
you? I—well, I wrote them.”
“L know dear. Lyssie'l come around, Inthe mestine
though, you’re the best granddaughter a woman could
have.”

Shannon Rampe

It was the third of May 1989. It was a hard day, the heat unrelenting, the air still
as ashes, and all the kids aching for the end of the year. Tempers and temperatures
were high, The engine of the school bus ran hot that day, it was due for an oil change
and was low on coolant. Sheila, the bus driver that year, had already yelled at three
different kids before the fifth stop. Ordinarily she could shut those kids up for an
entire ride with a single word, but not that day.

The faded yellow bus turned onto Greely Chapel road and waves of heat
blossomed off the asphalt. The engine chugged one last time, like the cough ofa dying
an, and stalled. ‘The bus coasted to a halt in between two fields, one with young
com and the other with little sprouts that might have become beans but were already

yellowing in the heat, White steam billowed out from under the hood, As Sheila climbed off she gave one menacing look
ch eh eee suing over a stolen baseball card, She lifted the hood and a cloud of

back at the kids, particularly at a group of boys arg
scalding steam eae saat ie climbed back on a moment later, holding her righthand in ber left and grittng her teeth.
Angry blisters swelled on her palm.

She fumbled for the CB with her left han
She cursed then, the only time she ever said an
that shut them up, The whole lot of them stare

and off'she gave up. The thing was dead.

thing other than “damn” or “hell” in front of those kids, and for a minute

vat her wide-eyed. “Alright,” she told them, “the engine is done and the
dnd I gotta walk down there and make a call tothe garage. They'll

.d, but after a moment of clicking iton.

i 5 ‘shalf-mile from here,
CBis out. There's a house about a half-mile from irre whined about the heat and the crappy bus. Sheila slapped the
10 be bac!

send us out another bus.” Some of the kids argue’ {in ten minutes and I don’t want any malarkey going

dashboard, “Goddammit, shut the hell up! Now I'm going

on while I’m gone. I want every one of you to sit here, be
quiet, and keep your paws off cach other. No fighting, no
bickering, and no climbing over the seats like monkeys.

She stepped down off the bus and started up the road,
wiping a film of sweat from her brow.

Andrew Spikott was the real troublemaker that year
and by no means was this day any exception. He was only
a freshman, but was eighteen years old. He had been held
back a couple of times and had a mouth like the Grand
Canyon, and the common sense and intelligence of a dried
up mud puddle. He always went by Drew, and behind his
back the other kids called him Drool, because he had a bad
habit of leaving his mouth hanging open and, inevitably, a
‘wet spot pooled on his t-shirt. The kid smelled bad and the
older kids didn’t want anything to do with him so he didn’t
really have any friends, He’d intimidate the younger kids
though, pushing them around, giving them “wet willies” or
flicking their ears. A couple of junior high kids named Tom
and Robby were his lackeys, and between the two of them
they were almost as mean as Drew himself.

Drew was really irked that day. He was sweating hard.
Between his weight and the blue jeans and cowboy boots,
hhe was drenched and he smelled like a locker room. He’d
‘been laying the pressure on Brad Michaelson all week to

“steal him a Chris Sabo rookie baseball card from Nathan
Hoffstedder, and had threatened to beat the snot out of him
he didn’t do it. His tactics varied from wheedling to
tright threats, and finally, shortly before the bus stalled,

hhad moved up a few seats to trade cards with Nathan.

When Nathan wasn’t watching, Brad pulled the card out of

page of plastic sleeves and slipped it into his shirt pocket.
e was sweating almost as hard as Drew and his hand shook

As the engine ground to a halt Nathan turned around
$ seat. His eyes were hot behind his wire-rim glasses.
40 took my Sabo card?” he asked, his voice hot and
ly. “Brad, do you have my Sabo? Drew?”
Brad refused to look him in the eye, just muttered,
ig nt ttocd his atiention to a‘stalk of com in the
; Several other kids turned around to watch the

altercation. One girl, Wendy Mulligan, watched all of this

ith a kind of fascination. She was new—it was only her
‘third day here—and she hadn’t made any friends. Her family
a ‘had recently moved to Lima and she’d been transferred from
‘4 private to a public school. The never-ending war on the

_ school bus ‘was an entirely new experience for her,
“You calling mea thief Hoffstedder?” shouted Drew,
‘ hae to his feet, letting his belly press against the top

7 Nathan fumed for a moment but said nothii . Di

_ Was five years older than Nathan and twice res Sheila
climbed off the bus at this point and Nathan flipped through

his binder again, holding up the page with its empry
sleeve. “Come on guys, just give it back. Who tga

“Bat me you little dickwad,” Drew said. “I dom
your shitty card. You probably lost it in your fa ge
‘Tom and Robby cracked up despite the fact that they ton
weighed a good forty pounds more than Nathan dig
Drew weighed more than either of them. =

Nathan's checks flushed and he pushed his black any
away from his glasses. He stared in silence for a few minutes
before turning back to Brad. “Hey man, you don’thave,
card, do you?” ol

Brad avoided his gaze again, trying to find anything
else to lookat. “No dude, why would I want Sabo cari
don’t even like the Reds.”

“But you were just looking at it a minute ago, Are you
sure you didn’t take it by accident?”

Brad shook his head. His face looked little green a
this point. He pressed his clammy palms against the geen
vinyl seat and tried to find anything to look at other than the
horde of faces staring athim. Wendy caught his eye and for
a moment he didn’t turn away. He had noticed her, of
course, all the kids were talking about the new girl. She was
a year older than him, a freshman in high school, and she
was pretty ina plain sort of way. She wore wire rim glasses
and had long, straight hair. It was auburn and matched het
inquisitive eyes. Brad chewed his lip and looked again at
the stalks of corn.

“Yeah buttnugget, lay off him,” said Drew. “Screw
your card, go find another one. Maybe your rich bitch mom
will buy you twenty packs. She should have an extra fifty
cents after last night!” Tom and Robbie hurled themselves
against the seats laughing.

Nathan climbed out of his seat. He tooka step towards
Drew, clenching and unclenching his fists.

“Bring it pussy, I'll kick your sorry ass.”

Nathan took another step forward and Drew stood up
in the aisle.

Brad looked up at them, then looked again at Wendy
Mulligan. Her head was cocked to the side as if to ask him,
Why don't you do something? A little shiver passed through
him; he wasn’t sure whether it was fear or excitement.

Brad stood up in between them, swaying between the
seats even though the bus was stationary. Sweat flowed
down his face, and he opened and closed his mouth a couple
of times before reaching forhis shirt pocket. His ey*s'
to Wendy before meeting Nathan’s. He pulled out the
baseball card, still uncreased, and held it out before him.
“I’'m—I'm sorry. I guess I really wanted it or something:
Here, take it back.”

Nathan looked at him puzzled and took the card from
his outstretched hand. He started to say something but"
fellsilent. He went backto his seat and sid thecarcaeil
into its sleeve. Then he turned around in his seat agsif
gave Drew the finger. Drew pretended not to notice’
at that point Sheila climbed back on the bus.

by Joe Bellomy

This story begins in a closet; five by four by ten, narrow free of charge by the government while performing military

but with room to stand and room to sit and, if very tired, fates ina relatively isolated communications site positioned

room to layin the fetal position..the best position. sn the hump of a land mass located somewhere in his
oe a a ile man cal Tio wos (caaphe ,

of the height of a r big footed, thi i Tiano? well, that is difficult. Ina closet time does strange

with bottle bottom glasses in plastic frames igiven to him things. In expands and contracts, stretches like bubble gum,

2

1 the movie
his hand on her thigh. “My cousin oat Re
tis rand we can get in for foe.” He cools ee

“<We can goon bike rides all over town 2
¥¢ soon.”

her.

et my diye rom his touch and tried to pull aways but

there was nowhere to go. “Excuse me, Drew, T Pao ge

up. My stop is coming up soon.” She tied tos

there wasn’t any room and Drew grabbed er a fi
“Just skip it. [skipped mine.” It was true.

been so silent and Sheila so inattentive that she had cbt
right past his stop without noticing. Drew was normally
one of those kids who charges to the front of the bus as it

: ing other kids’ heads as he passes.
approaches his stop, slapping other

“[ can’t, my dad will get mad.” She scrunched up

against the window as much as she could and struggled just
to keep his hand from going any further up her dress. “Look,
just let me up and give me your phone number. Ineed to go
now. [can call you later or something.”

He leaned in close and tried to kiss her, but she turned
her face towards the window. She felthis wet mouth against
the side of her neck as she watched her house slide past.
Brad and Nathan sat on their bikes at the end of her drive,
watching the bus go by and pointing at her. “Let me go. We

just missed my stop. I have to get off the bus or my dad will
be mad and I’ll get grounded. Let me go please.”

He stopped trying to kiss her for a second, but still
held her arm and kept his hand against her sweaty thigh.
“Are youcrazy? Youcan’ttell Sheila now. She’s the meanest
bitch ofa bus driver there ever was. She'll drag us into the
Principal’s office and call both of our parents and then we'll
be insomuch trouble. Don’t worry about it.” He leaned in
close and pressed his lips against her cheek. She felt his wet
tongue slide against her skin.

SS |

A few minutes later the bus pulled into the schoo
lot. Sheila dropped the engine and leapt off a Patking
shouted “Done!” She remained completely Oblivi ang
battle being fought behind the rows of seats at the
bus. Wendy told him to stop over and over again tthe
fought to push him away from her seat, but he mae Nd she
size. aircon ‘Wie her
He dragged her out into the floor and
up, tearing the seams. She cried, but never ted bet des
If she had, someone might have come to mo wie
happening. He clenched his teeth and bit her shoulda Was
grunted, leaving bruises and teeth marks. Wendy sas
her mother and Drew clamped his hand over es tied for
shut her up. There was blood, alotofit. He let her eae
re

when he was done with her. She lay INconsci
climbed off of her and ran. se gL

Brad and Nathan skidded their bikes t in
the bs. Drew was ruming across the pa oot
for the woods. They dropped their bikes and climbed on 2

bus. Nathan and Brad stopped when tl
form of their friend lying half-naked on rete oe
aisle, the sun casting its rays across Wendy's pale cheek and
bruised lips. Nathan stumbled off the bus and vomited
the pavement. He sweated and felt dizzy and scared,
Brad bit his lip and let the tears run down his cheeks.
He crouched down and helped Wendy situp. She was delirious
and cried again. She whined about her tom dress and geting
grounded, but Brad helped her to her feet. He knew what
happened, but couldn’t bear to think of it. They climbed off
the bus together and Nathan took her other arm. Leaving

their! bikes behind them, the three hobbled to Wendy's house
in silence.
“All right kids, no blood on the w
‘Another bus is on the way, and a tow r
‘The replacement should be here in a
conditioning. he

Everyone breathed a collective sigh of relief and.
of the younger kids cheered, Brad sat sileny, criabeg

Jog, deep breaths. He glanced up at Nathan ond ot
ssed between them for just a momen %

‘indows, that’s, Rood.
ruck for this old gist

few minutes, with air

Tt was
those looks that sometimes passes between bey sso OF When left foreetco

boys that none
led a pussy or
and also, a look

ofthem can ever speak of for fear of being ca
afag. Itwas a look of relief and of thanks,
of understanding. It was something that speaks volumes
without words, maybe words can’t even do it justice

And Brad glowed inside, He knew Wendy watched the
whole thing, and he was proud. He wanted to talk to her
thea, but he was still shaken. He had stolen the card after
all, So he turned his attention back to the comstatks and
waited amidst the noise and confusion for the replacement
bus toarrive.

tly three weeks later was the last day of school
Wendy climbed on the bus after school and looked around
for Brad or Nathan. The three of them had become fast
friends since the incident with Drew earlier that month. On
the bus Drew always eyed the two boys with malice or
lected at Wendy and so the three of them always stuck
together. She saw neither boy today though, and remembered
that they had ridden their bikes to school and would meet
her at her bus stop after school.

Sheila paid no attention to the chaos erupting around
her. She leaned over, yelling and laughing back and forth
with the driver in the next parking spot. Kids hurled
homework out the windows, standing up on the seats and
cheering at the arrival of summer vacation. Wendy moved
through the aisles, looking for a place to sit. Most of the
seats Were taken up. The only open seats were the two in
back. She didn’t see Drew at all and sat down, taking out a
Jane Austen novel from her backpack. She opened it and
‘ried to read, but the noise and excitement were distracting
and she found herself thinking about Brad and Nathan, her
first friends. She kept thinking of the way Brad looked at
her, as if trying to communicate telepathically.

A minute later Drew dropped his ratty nylon bookbag
in the seat across from her. He was sweating again and she
crinkled her small freckled nose, She scrunched down in her
‘cat and tried to make herself unnoticed. The bus lurched
forward out of its parking spot and all the kids cheered
Seain. A fresh wave of homework and old exams washed
ut of the windows.

Drew satin silence. She looked at him closely and saw

ises on his arms and cheeks. For a moment she
‘thought that he must have gotten beaten up today, but she
Was sure she would have heard about it, The other kids
Would be talking about it right now if that were the case. He
‘and met her eyes. She held his gaze without flinching,

“Did you get ina fi
ight today?”
Surprised at herself that she vee
Drew said nothing,
arms and shrugged.

she asked aftera moment,
was speaking to
He looked down at his bruised

ay dad was still drunk this morning

They were silent after that.
window, occasionally turing to |
Out a smile, Wendy sat watchin,
hhow his life must be. She felt so
The bus moved throu
oved through its route like a rolling part
Sheila was oblivious to the chaos surrounding her. Slee hed

her headphones on and sang along with Debbie Gibson os
the kids climbed off the bus one after the other

After awhile Wendy saw that Drew was watching her
more closely. She began to feel uncomfortable under his
Stare and tried not to meet his eyes. She found herself
wondering about Brad and Nathan again, wondering where
they were and what they were doing. Were they thinking of
het? She thought they might be waiting at her stop

And then Drew was sitting next to her. The stink was
almost overpowering, underneath the sweat smell was
‘something much more subtle and horrible, like old socks
that have laid at the bottom of the laundry basket for months.
She watched out the window and pretended to ignore him.

“I think you're really cool, Wendy,” he said after a
moment. She felt his hot breath against her shoulder, barely
covered by the strap of the sunflower spring dress she wore

‘She turned and glared at him. “You think I’m cool?”
She almost laughed in his face. But he looked sincere, and
she saw the bruises again and felt sorry for him. “Whats
cool about me? I’m just a new kid, right?”

Ifhe heard the irony in her voice he ignored it, “Idon’t
know. You're smart. You read all those books. I can barely
read. And everybody likes you and you've only been here
a month.” His gaze fell to the floor. “I've been here my
whole life and everybody hates me.”

“Maybe if you weren’t so mean to everybody you'd
make some friends.”

He shrugged. “You're probably right. Hey, maybe we
could be friends. We could hang out this summer and Ill
show you around town and stuff, We could go to the movies
and hang out and have lots of fun.’

He looked excited. She felt happy for him and uneasy
all atthe same time, “I don’t know. What about Brad and
Nathan?”

‘A shadow passed over his eyes and then was gone,
“Screw it, I don’t care about the stupid baseball card.
Whatever. Those guys are okay, I guess.” He grinned.

Her stomach twisted itself into a knot and she broke
into a cold sweat, “Well, I guess we could hang out
sometime.”

His eyes lit again with childlike excitement, “Yeah?
It'll be great, you'll see. 1 know all the cool spots.” He put

Drew sat staring out the
look at Wendy and to force
ig him and thinking about
try for him,

shannon rampe

4k

Two Skirmishes in the Never-ending War in Rural Ohi
rise to the decision itself. As he tried 1y

ie jon gave Fae pa

al and sometimes: ee fine the feeling, the meter fell . Never before had it falley

sittike dough, bois ike cates oT epory of 8 beautiful °° far. What were the numbers? Forget the numbers, Th.
lls ae still as so far. Wha <

only sometimes, stands he lost meter moved downward, and pecans eas in the crux of

free. « irrelevant, In the closet he ved unidentifiable feeling emanating from deep within his

Yor Timothy time Wa est, failed to push the button which would return the dial,

tack of time Jailed to tur the erank which would relight the button,

ich which would reposition the crank

ed in failed to flip the swit

Jailed to press the pedal which would justify the switch,
fain aeonsequene..the floor became electric.

f , d, approximately two feet hi
f The jolt sent him upward, app! ie
nd him, rows and FOWS OF he height ofa standard doorway. It immobilized bi
eee ed his senses, and completely eliminated

nieces of tiny co |
battons; buttons like pieces of buttons motor skills, stunn
batons: Mand clicked when pushed and here Were PINON 5 ofhis neglect (that feling of offness) by inducing,
f timeless unconsciousness,

Which made no sound whatsoever. : ; ook
a aay somata sum up bis occupation in one quite suddenly, a state of

word._balance. I aati contemplate Whileinthisnonliner state Timothy's offness manifested
Pies, Nhat particular balance: the postion itself through the sppoarncelexperenee ofa series of sexual
of his instruments, the movement of his body in relation to images which caused his body to generate an erection and
the demands of his environment. Lovely. It was @ grand emita few sparse drops of seminal fluid into his undershorts.
tte derpalance and harmony, asymphony of equilibrium Luckily this process Went undetected both by himself and

his supervisors and was not recorded in formal report of his
conduct, These images consisted of female acrobats, oriental
contortionists, and fabrics, bolts, blankets of warm, wet,
sticky flesh. Following this phase he began to experience
the construction of mathematical abstractions, none of which
he understood. It was during the construction of a six
dimensional cube that Timothy was revived.

ped outward ward and downward oP
voneet There floor and a lever 0!

off. Tt sce was a peddle ot ke oe eel
ee rr ae rightnear his elbow. There Were butto
jeftand eranko

before him ‘and buttons bel

He found himself in his supervisor's closet, one of the
most lavish, well lit closets in the entire complex. Timothy
awoke muttering something about a net, a triple somersault,
and a feat never before performed in a public arena.

ae know why you’re here?” Began the supervisor, #
Toul i
Eee 7 reactions. A button kept a dial ata aS alice a aia
Sates : (ahs ing ze the touch ofa switch. A “I, uh, well L...” Timothy stuttered, not having realized
Smee taaninen eens. was connected, where he was let alone why he was there.

Knowing which buiontonech oer gh cn fit all, “Soe this,” his supervisor said, standing and pointing a
= See emis 4 wall of buttons. They were all lit...all except one. One
was off, At times it soemed ho bimnself wes en vit button, a blue one, fourth row down from the top.
system, not merely an operator perfor as part of the seventeenth from the left, an inch square, protruding a balf

Performing a function, but an inch from the wall. Of all the buttons on that wall oay

partof the system itself, and i i
most comfortable, co Neha : ie a felt the one was not lit, and that one was Timothy's. His body
position, immovably content, Place and became a single exposed nerve, vibrating from the top of his

abun often ies ae e the pinched oval of his butthole.
Duin . ; “Ti nt caae s
Gaon L . . Do you tan
ay Ui edanpheeerd ore erie aA Ail Wada here, Halanos, Harmony. Unity, Conta
‘a moment aeeeg oa » You know the terms of your employ it. They were
wea apes movement ands mois ene upon, But now, well, look here” We lifted a ta of papet
Bl A coi rested whieh sad Banto from his desk, “It says here you failed to note the dial, fa
ing or the meter, internal or external, A Aap sa ran the button, failed to tur the crank, failed to flip the
switch and failed to press the pedal. Timot bp
% thy, I hate to

ical moments of union Timothy

«Lo Chi sent out the psychic signal. We need a juggler”
‘said. “The question is. Can you juggle?”
Toa ocanjusele,” Lo Chi lisped.
«Well..ub...my former occupation did involve the ability
to coordinate various elements into one functioning,

Lo Chi took Timothy by the arm,
this way, Th

‘ome, the wagon is
‘Smuch to learn out here in the real world.”

bellomy

‘This story ends in a circus wagon, amid hoops and rings
jous, movement.” Timothy said. and and balls and pins. Timothy found a much deeper
“Juggling,” said Tony. “He's the one, but I hope he quits harmony outside. And with the help of Lo Chi, forgot all

sing ke that” about purpose.

2
3

Timothy

16

ned up his intercom. “Yes

isk and snatch arate

Yes, have him right here. Ye

Toby set the receiver down. Hated sald eke

® looked at Timothy. “That wai to of the

ee ay wid. “We've drawn his attention. I had hopes
complex,” he said

had prayed this little situation
not come 0 ing oa higher level. But

hurried behind his de
sir, yes, yes, mm-hmm,

it would
could be remedied without
such is not the case

Mr. Hobble shook his head.

“The director wishes to see you, Tim.” Res
Te dieieyod from Timothy's brow. His eyes moved

Sait x4, smiled, frowned, and pouted

sways and up. He grimace
= aoe He expressed a year of emotion. He would
ante for another chance had he a voice W ith which to

ie tie would have groveled at their feet had he been
crrable of physical movement. But as it was he could do
exhing except remain perfectly still and hope this was just

andextension of his dreaming

Mr. Toby and Mr, Hobble escorted him into the director's
one drector gave no indication of recognizing their
presence. He kept his eyes focused on a single yellow light
bulb burning on his desk. One could tell he was highly
agitated or maybe the furrowed brow, flared nostrils and
deep frown were part his natural expression. His fingers
flittered near his mouth and pinched his nose repeatedly.

“This is him, huh?” He spoke, still focused intently on
the light bulb. “I saw the flickers, yes, I saw them, both of
them. Two flickers in one day, within two hours of one
another! Contemptible. I thought my heart would stop. Oh,
and it did stop on that second flicker. Thought you could get
away with it imagine. Thought you'd just let the lights go
out. What a low, sneaky, contemptible little man you are.
We've already got someone to replace you. That was easy.
You are not needed here. I just wanted to see you for myself.
Let you know that you didn’t get away with it, No one gets
away with inharmonious behavior. No one!

“Now, out with you. Throw him out! He'll never work
ina complex again!”

With a kick in the butt, Timothy was booted out the
front doors of the complex, out into the open air, out of a
is sat pata of life. Nothing was left to him, The

mplex had hi hi ir i
ls ages cen Now he aro aOR

le tumed and looked awhile i
him. He gazed fearfully Hide e ae
the organic world, trata hes

He walked away. Hours passed,

How could this be? he thought,
ended in such a fury. He had only
Toby and the director were just do
more than could be said of himself

limself to blame.

He
ig theirjobs, wien

Which was

fe walked and walked, away from the complex. p:
ne home. He walked until his feet began Toni dee

‘Then, he stopped and sat. .

He was free o let his feelings g0 now. First he erieg
was needed, the release. He cried and cried, Then, he ris
Then he cried some more, Finally, he slept

The night washed over him. The stars lit of themsely
There were no buttons to push nor cranks to crank Yo
world revolved on it's own a8 a velvet haze of dating
slipped around him. He dreamt.

He dreamt people and places and wheels and color ang
things moving at odd angles. He dreamt death and pain any
voices, laughing, whispering, singing. Touches he deans
and kisses on his neck, his name floating on the breeze, He
was a flag flickering in yellow light, and bodies marching ang
dancing. He fell and he flew. He sprouted wings from his
back and talon from his feet, shed hs glasses and hs clothing
and was a golden body floating in the night sky.

He rolled over and a blade of grass stung his cheek, jerking
him awake.

Lasting cerebral distortions induced by too much stress
and too little nourishment, he thought.

He sat up. It was still dark.

That

Anustle of leaves came from a clump of trees to his left.
“Who’s there? Who's there?” Timothy whimpered.
“Come on!” a voice thundered, “He’s over here.”

A tall figure stepped out from the trees and into the
starlit clearing where Timothy had slept. He was broad
shouldered and dressed in close fitting black. Another figure
stepped from behind him, very small, his head coming to
just about the big man’s knee. Then another figure emerged
from the darkness. This last one Timothy gazed upon with
his breath held. Her skin was pearl white, her hair blue
black. Her face was a soft oriental oval. Her lips smiled
without parting.

“Isit him?” The tall figure rumbled.

“Barmy, don’tbe stupid. Who else could it be?” Squecked
the smallest, “No one wanders around outside the complex
voluntarily, They're all too frightened, too comfortable.”

“Who are you?” Timothy whispered.

__ I'm Benard Barnicle,” the tallest spoke. “This little guy
is Tony and this charming lady is our own Lo Chi. We're &
circus,”

“Just the three of you?”

“We have a wagon,” Tony declared indignantly. “You
walked farther than most do after they've been expelled.
Most just sit on the steps and fade away.”

{don’t understand,” Timothy said.

‘Can you juggle?” asked Bernard.

“What?”

“We need a juggler. I'm a weight liter, Tony here is an
acrobat, and sweet Lo Chi is a fortune teller, psychic, and
contortionist extaordinaire.”

vwehave never, [Tepeat, Never, seen such a display
bili
i what to say Mr. Hobble,” Timothy
‘“{ don’t know what happened. I had this feeling
pale to think about it and before I knew it.
0 | SoM cs Tim. Something must be done. Actions such

“Nocnpot go unaccounted for. There are standards of
as thes “which must be maintained. A feeling you say?
tehave™ ink about it? Well Tim, I'm certain neither of

v-sivites is mentioned in your job description.”
ae ‘was at this precise moment that Timothy, taking a
breath in an effort to relax, hiccupped.

Mc Hobble frowned. He liked positive response to his
verbal counseling, constructive feedback. He was not quite
xe how to categorize Timothy's reaction. Perhaps this

was due to a physiological imbalance caused by
rexperience of electric shock. On the other hand, perhaps
it was this small employee's way of demonstrating his
‘ehelliousness and disrespect for authority. Whichever, Mr.
Hobble didn’t ike it, didn’t like itone bit. And where before
be had planned to give Timothy only a verbal reprimand,
sow, he thought, perhaps he should consider consulting with
his own supervisor as to what the best and most productive
cours of action would be.

Mr. Hobble took a deep breath. His lower lip popped
‘out. “As of this moment,” he announced, “You are on ninety
days probation. We'll be keeping a close eye on your conduct
and can only hope such an error does not occur agai

Timothy twittered on his feet, his eyes glued to that blue
button, fear twitching in his upper lip. He felt at any moment
his moming meal would return and recreate itself ina colorful
visual on Mr. Hobble floor. He swallowed hard and managed
torelease a meek, “Thank you, sit.”

tis, bot
= [ don't

h, how he had loved his work that morning, and every
‘morning really. Now though, all had changed. The balance
Was upset, and this, this horrible asymmetric state could
ot be vanquished. His depression could not be measured.
He had lost the ability to immerse himself in his work. He
‘would have cried, but knowing as he did now that the floor
‘aslectric, refrained from producing the conductive liquid.
; He re-entered his closet and quietly closed the door. His
Pics trembled, his knees shook. Reluctantly he pressed
tia bution which would begin his work. The humming began,

Where it once signaled a deep esthetic response, it now
‘voked nothing but a thin film of perspiration.

Don't think of the floor, he thought. Don't think of
Fobation, he thought. Don't think of not thinking, he
‘The dal quivered. He flicked a switch, cranked a crank,
ee 4 button and pressed a pedal, The dial returned,
aesin the sequence, the switch, the button, the
sea the pedal. A bit quicker this time. And again, and
"y atid Soon he was working as well as ever, floating in

his function, reveling in union with the work he held so
dearly. Then, as he reached the height of his ecstasy, a vision
came to him. The sight of that blue button, extinguished due
to his failure. A slow melancholy set in. The dial fell, but he
caught it in time, The self questioning returned and washed
through him. There was something he was missing, something
to do with that button, something to do with his work,
something to do with purpose. Purpose, he thought, and his
mind drifted. Purpose, he thought, and the dial began to fall.
Purpose, he thought and the floor became electric.

The last touch of the oriental contortionist drifted away
and he heard them speaking. His name was mentioned and
his awareness returned. He held his eyes closed. Perhaps
they'll just wheel me away, he thought, send me to my
cubical.

Mr. Hobble was speaking. “It could be that first jolt
killed a few brain cells.”

“I don't think so.” Timothy recognized the voice. I was
Mr. Toby, Mr. Hobble’s supervisor.

“He's always performed well in the past,” Hobble said.

(Hope sprang into Timothy’s heart.)

“Past performance doesn’t count for much when
the lights are going out.”

(Hoped died in Timothy's heart.)

“We may be able to rehabilitate him,” Mr.
Hobble said.

(Yes, yes, thought Timothy. I'll be rehabilitated.
T'll go to classes. I'll work very hard and I won’t
ever think of purpose again. I won't ever think
of...) “Purpose,” he muttered aloud.

“Ah-ha!” cried Mr. Toby at the word. How delighted he
was, He radiated beams of superiority at having discovered
this little man’s subtle plotting. He nodded his head deeply
with this new understanding. It was just as he thought.

‘imothy, quiet, innocent in his outward demeanor, was in
fact, an insidious schemer.

“Now it’s all clear,” Mr. Toby said. “You've done all this
with purpose.”

“No, no.” Timothy mumbled, “I didn’t mean...

“Mr, Hobble,” said Mr. Toby, “I think it is quite clear
What must be done,” He stooped, locked eyes with Timothy.
“You, sit, are the lowest form of scoundrel. Look around
here.” Timothy looked around but saw. ‘only office funiture.
‘Then he saw another board of lights. A wave of relief passed

through him as he noted all the lights were lit,
Mr. Toby tottered

the panel, “I want you to see the

“But they're all Lit,’ Timothy protested.
“Lit yes, but see here? This button. I be
Closely att. See how these three shimmer with thei tea

due to your unspeakable behav
bation, hee. See? Sec? I's dimmer than the woe

Just then a buzzer sounded. Toby's eyes went wide. He

joe bellomy

Timothy

My girlfriend Marie tells me what I need from life will
come in some form or another. I’m leaning my head against
the smudged fingerprints of a payphone at a Shell Station,
my tie loosened and the top buttons of my blue Oxford
undone, free from an interview at the Creative Testament
Marketing Firm. Marie says the subconscious works like an
autopilot, constantly navigating the soul. It’s intuition, what
Jung calls our sixth sense, she says. There's a quaver to her
voice like she really believes these things. She clicks over toa
call on the other line. I wait, wondering whether she’s trying
to cheer me up or test her comprehension of some book she's
been reading. Two children with chocolate smeared smiles
peek at me from the back of the van, A man wearing a fishing
hat fails to stop the gas pump on $20 and thumps the roof of
his Suburban. Marie never comes back to me.

‘After a couple months of disheartenin,
dismal projections in the classified ads, I’m apt to bide my
time and wait for this subconscious to take over. So I’m back
stocking groceries at Kroger, my fallback job.

It's Friday night and I’ve just finished stocking the cereal
aisle. I break down cardboard boxes with my car keys. No
box knives in the Kroger stockroom. The master thief conjured
by my manager Phil has struck again. I imagine him in black
pajamas, suctioned to the side our building with plunger heads,
the box knife clamped between his teeth, soon to be added to
a stash waiting in a secret fortress.

A radio DJ broadcasts live from a club downtown and I
pine for all the activity I’m missing: beautiful women clinking
sweaty drinks together, marooned by guys in black shirts
and sleek shoes; all the gorgeous waitresses balancing trays
of colored drinks and foggy beer bottles and dodging poo!
cues.

‘There are tiny paper cuts on my fingers below the nails. I
suck on them and sigh. The sky grumbles — a dark front of
clouds swirl in the beginnings of a vortex. I lean on the doorjamb
to the back employee entrance and watch the sky’s hurried
movement,

carry the flattened boxes to the dumpster. A fierce wind
ravages the back lot, rolling pop cans and discarded beer bottles
somewhere in the dark. I peer into the dumpster to determine
how much space I have to work. Jutting out from beneath a
cardboard box etched with a smiling Charmin baby are
sandaled feet, hair arching like bridges over the gaps between
the toes. I hurry inside and page Phil.

News travels fast among the inner circles of the Kroger
team. You find out something — something juicy, I guess ~and
you feel this overwhelming propensity to unburden it and
share in its gospel. So a group of us who walk this labyrinth
of aisles on a Friday night, bound to rent payments and car
leases, we pass the word along and seize the opportunity to
do something outside of our job descriptions.

We stand by the dumpster debating whether or not to call
the police. I wipe cardboard shavings off of my pant legs.
Lisa narrates into her cell phone between drags off menthol

Cigarette. She has five roses on her nametag from spendi
most of her high school years scanning groceries at a
register. No one can type in a produce code faster. Workis like
Prison in more ways than one. The more time you spend, the

ing,
cash

ben crites

higher seniority. At Kroger, seniority is represented in felt
roses on nametags. I haven't worn my nametag in months,

Marie digs her hands in her jean pockets and shivers. She
has a powdering of flour on her Asics. She nuzzles against me
like a cat. The wind blows her hair in gyrating swirls behind
her head and I gaze at the shifting clouds shrouding the moon
beyond that flapping flag of hair.

Phil trundles out, his tie wrapped up over his shoulder, his
gelled hair coming unglued. He carries a tipboard with fluttering
sheets of inventory. He bends down in front of the paneled
opening, scrunches his nose and pushes his glasses back in
study of the protruding feet. I watch a possum bump its way
through the blowing trash. Lisa imitates a National Geographic
host, her accent contrived British.

“Hmm. Yes,” Phil says. He looks up at Lisa. “She call
oun"

“Rob Anthony broke up with Sara and now he doesn’t
have a date for the dance,” Marie squeals, hurried likea valley

it

Or We relive all coe copious dctals oF heat emeal enest
confusion, all the complex facets of melodrama through a
distorted squawk we have come to recognize as Gina, emanating
from Lisa’s cell phone. Not that I complain. It's good to be
reminded of those feelings, to let the nostalgia warm me,

“Tell Gina you'll call her back,” Phil says. This statement,
delivered in the same direct manner has interrupted many
beautiful daydreams.

“Is he dead?” Phil asks.

“I didn’t check,” I say.

“One could argue the lack of ambition and involvement in
society has rendered him lifeless,” Marie says and digs her
chin into my shoulder.

Phil looks questionably at her and looks up at me, maybe
wanting a nod of agreement, He hands me the clipboard,
stretches his shirt up over his nose and sticks his head into the
rusted dumpster. “Dear God,” he gasps, “it smells like death.”
Phil’s voice echoes inside, wanting to spill out into the windy
night, AtPhil’s request Marie retrieves a long branch and hands
it to him. She coils back around my arm, not that it was [
particularly cold. But Marie, like all women I’ve known, has "0
heightened sens ies toward temperatures. Phil’s legs lift
off the ground as he leans into the dumpster and prods into the
covering of cardboard above the man’s worn fect.

“He's in the dumpster now. I can see his crack. I think he’s
poking around with a stick,” Lisa says to Gina,

“Hey! Got out of there, now. This isn’t any place for you,
Move on,” Phil says. A big commotion follows; cardboard
flops like sheets of aluminum, something smacks against the
side of the dumpster.

9.

ion

The Dreams of a Sleep!

=

woman who has both her kids jumbled in her cart with the
groceries

I clock in next to Lisa at the first checkout. She listlessly
swipes brownie mix and cereal boxes with wild cartoon
characters on them and the register clicks and beeps. Her phone
is holstered to her hip and flashes with messages. She leers at
me over her shoulder. “In a future age everyone will use the
selfcheckout and I'll stand here reading the tabloids and chewing
‘gum,” she says. An older woman stands in front of Lisa wearing
a plastic sheath over her rollers and she rustles through
her purse in search of missing coupons. Two frazzled Q

Johnny Rottens goof in line at the Ticket Master
counter, their hair greasy and unkempt. I block their
ww of Lisa’s butt and they crane their necks side to side
in frustration.

“Wasn't that creepy last night?” Lisa says, tearing away a
Jong roll of receipt and hands it to the lady in rollers.

“[ felt for him, for the crazy life that pushed him into a
dumpster.”

She turns to me and smiles and I feel the warmth of it
wriggle through my body.

“He was just lazy. A bum, really. He could be bagging
groceries at least. I mean the cop . ..,” she said.

“What about the cop?”

“Nothing.”

“No, really?”

Her smile crumbles into a sad grin.

“He's a frequent shopper. Spends most of his time at the
bakery,” she blows a bubble until it pops and leaves me in the
wafted fruity scent of her hair when she spins around and
places a plastic bar on the conveyer to separate groceri

1 peck over a rack of potato bread and buns. Those
pensive eyes are fluttering and Marie smiles and
laughs. The cop leans over a glass case of glazed
donuts and cookies. He holds a Styrofoam cup of §
coffee in his hand and occasionally slaps the
countertop enthusiastically with his other hand as
though he was slapping a buddy’s shoulder. Voices and codes
gurgle over his wave radio. Sometimes he holds a hand up to
halt her and turns the volume knob for an instant. He grabs her
hand, dusty with flour, and gently strokes it with his thumb.
‘Then he shakes his head and she laughs and licks her lips,
keeping them moist as blueberry muffins.

Iwalk up to the counter. The cop composes a serious manner
like I'm some urgency transmitting over the radio. He nods at
me as you would any old acquaintance.

Marie nervously handles the introductions. The cop tries
to fracture my hand when he shakes it. Bastard, I think and
force a grim smile. We make weak attempts at small talk with
Marie acting as interpreter, My heart shakes at the bars of its
cage. The cop entwines his thumbs in his belt, a thumbprint of
flour on his black pants. Phil finds me and instructs me to the
stock room. I shy away.

“Gotta go,” I say, “there are pyramids to construct.” My
voice cracks, Neither of them laughs.

oN

Back in the stockroom I feel sick, maniacal, too, like I'm a

bad actor jerked off stage and clawing my way back toward the

gap of light between the curtains while stage technicians pull

on my legs. The damn unsympathetic radio bursts out

“Waterloo Sunset” as a sign that this treacherous life wants me

a ina rowboat and pushed adrift the frigid waters towards
tba.

‘The thought of Marie and that cop bounces in my head like
arubber ball from a quarter machine.

I step into the break room to catch my breath. There’s a
local news broadcast on the television. A woman interviews a
Zookeeper. She tilts her head. “It’s a very dangerous animal.

Call local authorities as soon as you see it,” she said.

They show footage of a lion posing
with a different zookeeper at a press
conference. Then something aggravates the

lion and it swats the zookeeper in the head
with its massive paw. People scream. They
cut to footage of the zookeeper’s mangled
face, as he is loaded into an ambulance.
“Just to recap, a lion has escaped
from the Columbus Zoo and
Aquarium,” the reporter says. “Be
‘on the lookout,” she says.

I step back into the stockroom
and pace back and forth. Phil
watches the change in me from
mild employee to seething

madman.

Ipick up a box of tortillas
and hold it fora while, letting
the strain pull at my muscles
as I stare off into Phil’s eyes,

his eyebrows arched like a
children’s drawing of birds,

and that rubber ball bounces
and bounces. I twitch. There’s a
centipede on the floor stuck on its back, one hundred tiny legs
kicking up in the air, and I drop the box on it. From its
perspective it must've looked like the comet falling down
towards the dinosaurs, getting bigger and bigger until it's
everything.

T gather flattened boxes my diligent co-workers have piled
by the backexitand I heft them outside with a stinging sensation
of the edges cutting into my arms and wrist. [plan my retaliation,
pacing in the alley, throwing boxes in the dumpster. But soon
‘enough my courage shrinks. I fear what will become of myself
when I piss off the F.0.P. I imagine them at their lodge, tracing
my credit cards, cleaning their guns, idling in front of my
apartment in the middle of the night.

Tory, and although it begins with heartache, my stomach
sick and my bowels loosen. The embarrassment that I’m
factually crying intensifies the flow of tears. I lean into the
‘dumpster and puke. Soon it’s just stringy bile; my £88 reflex
has nothing left to siphon, and I thirst for Scagram’s V.0., t0

~

~

;gurement or scarring that necessit
hideout I wonder why Phil didnt ea ‘
extraordinary, why he left it to ring up an alcohol 4 tuttion

Marie returns with a Swisher Cigar box and oie
sandwich bag of dope and some rolling papers, Shows Ou &
the stems and seeds from a bud and twists the lens
cigarette, eyeing meas she licks and seals the paper Toye
ter couch, feeling tepid from my scarred conscience, ween
usually feel before getting high. ute

Maybe I'm medicating myself. Getting high s
inthe lines of my life and makes the Teese ia a
interesting. I envisioned the transition from college to “rea
life being easy. But it isn’ Crestfallen, I lean back on my old
summer job and come home every night to get stoned, watch
taped episodes of Northern Exposure, and wish for a Rip Van
Winkle sleep to dream away the inevitable Sisyphean routing
oflife. With luck, 'll save up enough money fora good recliner
tocome home and pass out in, completing the bourgeois’s full
circle.

Maric sits next to me on the couch and we pass the joint
and listen to the music the wind makes gusting between the
houses. The candle flames hypnotize me for I don’t know
how long. It's then I realize the effects have taken hold. For a
while | feel brilliant. We laugh about poor Bobby’s unanswered
pages and the fallacy of having no one of age working checkout.
I theorize about the old bum, saying he’s an experienced
dumpster dweller, wisely choosing the recycling one. Marie
laughs fora while. The wind snaps the flag out front.

Marie plays her old Casio on the pipe organ setting. I stare
at her smooth eyelids and long lashes as she looks pensively
down at the keys. The sustained notes make me sullen and I
think about funerals and somber flower arrangements. I think
about Lisa and her five roses and imagine her in a thicket of
them picking as many as she can pin to her shirt. She looks for
the perfect corsage. She picks up one and talks into it. She calls
the rose Gina and wants to know its opinion. She cuts her
finger and sucks on the wound.

Marie stops playing. We eat popcorn and drink a two-liter
of Diet Coke under the soft light of the kitchen. We climb into
her parents’ bed so we can fall asleep to the History Channel.
Some historian takes us to the icy tundra of Russia where
Napoleon blundered. I go to spoon Maric but she’s curled on
the edge of the bed, so I close my eyes and listen to the TV.
Some of us who are small dream big, the historian says.

@ hood and a

The next afternoon I sing along to Blonde on Blonde in the
shower. My face appears underneath the fog on the mirror. |
‘cide against shaving and put on my dirty blue Kroger shirt,
Jans and work boots, The sun blitzes in segments through the
£4pS of the blinds and dust motes waver like tiny magic carpets
inthe light. There’s a note from Maric on the table, the writing

Tushed and erratic, without the hearts and smiley faces of her
a

i 3 i ing cach
I'm saddened by the clear skies, by the birds chasing eac
from tree to io ‘and hearing the jubilee of kids playing

ben crites

_ A beautiful redheaded,
light and I want to be insi

itl pulls up next tome ata traf
ic
ide of her. [try playing alittle eye

© flirt on the road but

TOW everyone is pre-oceupied, staring forward and talking

into cell phones.

often wish thatthe giant Kroger sign looming off'in the
distance were a mirage. I'd get closer and the building would
dissipate into a panorama of sand dunes. Like when driving
in the daylight, sometimes you see silvery stretches in the
toad ahead which look like floods of water but the closer
you get over every hump the mirrored water shifts further
off in the distance.

[almost run over Bobby in the parking lot. He's collecting
stray carts and stands stoically when I roar to a halt, begging
for release. I park in a slant that takes up two spaces.

“Hey, Bob. You keep calling those 99s. Somebody's 2
bound to hear you. Those college kids will wait, too. You
‘won't believe how long they'll wait on cases of Beast or
Natty,” I say and mess up his hair. He backs out of reach.

“Lisa says you found a hobo. That's what you guys
were doing at the dumpster last night. Fishing outa hobo.”

“Yeah, well, they should give Lisa a rose for gabbing.”

Bobby’s lead cart has a busted wheel and he pushes on
the train of them and it weaves side to side like a snake.
‘There are white chalk lines where the stuck wheel scrapes
against the blacktop. I dislodge the lead cart and heave it
into an empty parking spot.

“What did he say? The hobo. When you woke him,”
Bobby says.

“Phil woke him. He didn't say anything, just seemed to
want to keep away from Phil like the rest of us.”

There are a bunch of blue shirts at a picnic table out
front by the pop machines. They smoke cigarettes and
yawn in the sun, stretching out their breaks as long as they
‘an, One wild kid pinches a girl and then runs away giggling.

‘A Salvation Army representative sits in a folding chair
with a jar of coins and a stack of pink flyers heaped ona
card table next to him.

T stand in front of the automatic doors and they won't
‘open. I stare into the reflection inthe glass and watch people E
stack paper sacks full of groceries in their trunks in the &
parking lot behind me and I marvel atthe passing traffic far
off, at life moving on without me this gorgeous afternoon. -@
‘The doors won't open. I sneak in the exit, brushing past a

ing Lion

leepi

0!

al Heholds_ drops of ol. We walk back toward the receiving door a mea
‘of dirt on clink of a Zippo behind us, an excited exhalation, <4
Gina, you won't believe this.”

back onto the asph
i. There are black lines

Phil thrusts out and falls
broken fragment of the sticl
oe Yon happened,” Lisa says.

3 "t believe what just
en ostice,” Phil scowls. He pushes

Daranit, Lisa, call the polic ‘The remainder of my shift goes by quickly because I lose
“Damnit, Lisa,

i: so hard it myself thinking and I’m unaware of the routine
i hhig palms, Marie squeezes my arm so hat : sees
vie Rela none pricking ‘sensation in my fingers. Conducts. I think about the interview with Testament

the striped Armani knees of the Sal
Pra qpening a leg dangles, the worn Marketing, I see a a
pene in re ‘opening on the knee that look rise and fll above his desk, like the humps of whales eee

i 11 see svar adow of his hooded and submerging, as he crosses hs legs. A man beside tin,
1 a ee  bacevan tne Peatches the comer of plump and pinkish like a newborn baby, sits with a tired
he epening with his right hand and feebly strugsles. 1 free expire reminding me of Alfred Hitchcock. He has a beauty
myself from Marie and shake some feeling back into my hand, mark splotch of ketchup just above his lip. There are several
Ttep forward and grab under his armpits and lift him out. An fall cups of coffee on the desk surface, covering a laminated
operator's voice buzzes from Lisa's phone saying, “9-1-1, Dilbert strip. Sunlight shoots intensely through a window
cas your emergency?” It repeats. behind them and I squint and shelter my eyes with my hand,
spat should T tell them? Phil, what should Tsay?” Lisa I think about the man in the dumpster, about what
says. She sighs when Phil doesn’t answer promptly. circumstances could lead him to trade a bed for a cardboard
Strangely, Phil pats the man down while [have a grip on dumpster. think about Jung and his belief in the “sixth sense”
him, He grabs Lisa's phone, “We've gota vagrantherecausing_ that Marie always alks about and I try guessing how he would
a disturbance. We need him escorted.” explain this, Would Maric still argue the role of the
‘The old man puts his arm around me like he’s my drunken subconscious? Do we secretly desire to make a mess of
college buddy. He doesn’t say a word and smells pungent of ourselves?
urine. His ankles are bruised and swollen. T can’t find anything on the radio as I drive back to my
“fic's not disturbing anyone, Phil. The disturbance is you apartment after work. I fumble with the dial. The synchronicity
waking him,” Marie says, reaching for the man’s hood. He of commercial breaks among radio stations amazes me I's
backs away and collapses against me, “What's your name?” possible there's a universal time to plug obnoxious car
she asks gingerly. dealerships, carpet sales, and the riveting new cop drama; all
“The receiving door opens and casts an enormous, stretched the ubiquitous schemes of marketing I feign interest n during
silhouette of Bobby, a pimpled cashier. He cups his hands these job interviews, the soul wrenching business jargonfilled
over his mouth. “Phil out there?” meetings to sell computers, my God! I turn the dial with hope

Phil hands the phone back to Lisa. “What do you need, of finding something.
Inside my apartment Howard Stem convinces a Playboy

Bobby?”
“Man, I've been paging you for ten minutes. We've got a model to take her clothes off and sit on his lap. He guesses her
99 up front.” cup size. My roommate sleeps in the recliner. His lower lip

Phil grabs his clipboard and walks toward the light of the trembles. Maybe he’s. somewhere with topless plsi?e
stockroom. He stops halfway and tums to us, his features models. The dog-eared TV Guide next to him is splayed wit
sek “Tell them to come around back to the dumpster,” he six dead Bud Lights, Jackie Marling laughs derisively. 150
says, “no use making a scene out of this.” His shadow gorges down the volume. The light on the answering machine isn't
oon the asphalt and a cool dark restores when he shuts the door. pulsing. No callbacks. No planes flying over the desert island

Marie stands hugging herself, shivering. We wait until the __I throw some clothes, toiletries, ‘and a Calvino paperback
farend ofthe alley illuminates and a cruiser pulls up to us, its into a duffel bag and drive to Marie's, hiting ihe dashboard
headlights blinding. A young, mustached cop loads the man in and turning the radio dial endlessly. Along the streets tees
the back of his cruiser, The old man looks like amonk with his bow in the whipping wind and I grasp the wheel to Keep
head bent forward in supplication. The cop winks at Marie Geo from spinning out of control. aa
then slams his door shut with unusual aggression. Lrap on his Marie has showered and smells deliciously of fragrant
window and gesture him to roll it down. He smiles arrogantly. and lotions. She wears plaid pants anda longjensy

“Where will you take him?” I ask. are in San Diego and I’m ready for her 03

_ “There's a shelter on Third. He'll be allright.” He rolls up grins and steps aside, closes the blinds om ber front is
his window and sits there for a few minutes, having a and turns off the lights. t trip over my duffel DAB. Phe
conversation with his wave radio He shoots a sardonic smile. some Tins candles on hex coffee table then diapers

wi abides abyss of her darkened hallway: sandaled

Marie stares at the oil stains where the cruiser had been. 1 tae dancing flames and tink re

‘rap my arm around hero pull her tome, but fora second she feet, the hair on the toes and thick sang, ome
n't give as though she’s entranced by something in the is mangled, ifthere’s jing hideous be

|

until the reflex actuates again. I look,
ive spattering and notice an opa
‘ve heaved. It has a pale glow of
shirt off and clean it, It’s colos

drinkit
my *
which I
take my

down in Wonder at
escent stick onto
Pearls. I pull it out,
sal, like a shepherd’

gafFora giant's hiking stick appearing to be made ofivory.On

end it’s thick and smooth; it’s ridged and twist

other The smooth end has gold letters engraved in Aches”

[throw my soiled shirt into the dumpster and walk around
the side of the building to the parking lot. I carry the staff

inst my shoulder like it’s a large musket. Around front the
picnic table crowd mutters amongst themselves and then one
Pfehem whistles loudly, mocking my childish physique. Ihave

open my hatchback to fit the stafTin my car, but drive off,
feeling a bit relaxed at the sight of the ominous luminescent
Kroger sign fading away in my rearview mirror.

The homeless shelter on Third Avenue was a Y.M.C.A
until fire consumed half of it some twenty-odd years ago and
the remains were salvaged for the benefit of the disenfranchised,
Cars bump by to aggressive bass rhythms. I hear the static
pop of insects being electrocuted in a bug zapper across the
street. The sticky stench of pot emanates from somewhere
and I want to follow it, floating with my nose twitching at the
imagined streaming plume of scent, like a cartoon. A black
man with dreads and a ripped flannel shirt smokes a cigar by
theentrance and looks at me quizzically, undoubtedly puzzled
atthe shirtless white boy and his long staff.

Acorpulent woman with a greasy crow’s nest of hair sitting
ata folding table eyes me from top to bottom. She has a thermos
of coffee, Grisham’s latest courtroom drama pitched like a
tent, and a stapled packet of papers in front of her. Not far
behind hera man in a wheelchair stares at me as he chews on
the end of pen.

“Where's your shirt?” she says.

“There's a man here. He was dropped off late last night by
cop. He wore a hooded sweatshirt and work pants ripped at
the knees. He can’t walk well. I think this is his walking stick.”

“Honey, I didn’t work last night. I need a name.”

“Can [take a look?”

“Somebody's got to si in”

“Vilsgn for kim "the lack man in the wheelchair ols p
{othe table, takes the pen out of his mouth and clicks it. os
‘in't gonna club nobody with that stick, now?” he says as hi
signs. He wears a beige army medic’s shirt and stuck on it is
one of thos “Hello my name is” sticker nametags with “Marlo”
Scribbled in red ink. He leads me into a hallway behind
obese woman and her courtroom dreams. Stopping abort
fetus sideways to block me, taking the pen out of his mow
te tieitrepeaedly. “You gonna giveme ten dol a

“What? Why?” ican

«cause I can get more out of ten dollars than you.

sy ing back to
Wihout me you and your stick would be hiking back

“talever God forsaken place you came from. Cause

letting you by unless ”
over He licks his pen,” MSL aity muti

ben crites

,” I say, “I'll give
stick by me in case something
Thand

mouth, He wheels
at the end of it,
“They gonna stare at 7
hate being stared a" he saye He el
Beyond the doors is
makeshift Army h

stare at them. They
he says. He clicks his pen,

sa luge gymnasium that looks like a
A ‘ospital with lines of cots. Lo:
fluorescent light fixtures hang like sarcophagi from the

rafters and illuminate the gym brightly, ¢
Comet where two fixtures are bumed ean

Many haggard faces shift toward us, some card games
are interrupted, some of them gasp and laugh. Two
basketball hoops are folded up toward the rafters. Boxes
full of books and board games line one wall. Some have
ames of rooms written in marker on the cardboard flaps.
There are tables with hot plates and giant soup pans, crock-
Pots, long foil pans, stacks of paper plates, bowls, and
silverware lining another wall. The gym echoes with the
struggling sounds of coughing and wheezing, A.cot close to
us has a bible lodged under one of the legs to level it out. In
it, a grizzled man sleeps with his back towards us. Next to
him a woman sits cross-legged on a cot rocking her crying
baby. At the far perimeter of the cots, girls sing and jump
rope, their hair braided tight against their scalp. It’s hard
not to stare.

I walk among them and try to smile wamnly, but seeing
them, watching the small routines of their lives confined in
a gymnasium enhances the sadness I already feel. Marlo’s
wheels squeak behind me. Some of them seem so beaten
that the sight of a shirtless man with a magnificent staff
hiking among them doesn’t draw a bit of interest. These
people turn over in their cots or else open small slits in
their eyes then sleepily close them. It smells of vegetable
soup and burnt bread, We pass a man who scratches the
back of his head with one arm. There’s a flaccid sleeve

his other arm should be. 8. apes s
Hee ssid tat in the hooded sweatshirt sits against the ne
wall in the dark comer, his head drooped forward, his ankles
in thick white medical tape. The staff glows in

-23-

n

2
nee ofthe busted light fixtures. Marlo clicks his pen $*
behind me. ne si

‘don’t mean him,” Marlo says. “Not him. %
oneal ay ‘thank you he ain’ got nothing to say.
pon ey Marlo rolls up to him. He clicks his pen to
ee the impact of his words, “You ain't got shit to
ee

doesn’t move. His features are dark,
ee ta hood and lack of light, and I realize the

The Dreams 0
-26-

‘or three others. They could keep each other free of
backups in case one or another died from
ater ofthe Banya left external damage to the ship’s brain or became corrupted
realization that he’ through repeated reinitiation from backup selves. Now,
ily knew why they searete™ having lost the three pilots who saw her into the world—
rts bis fourth, Celtiberian—Meroit was alone with her

acluster two
ce man. glitches and act as

's home on the ru

the grand discovery—but
of stars closely orbiting the ¢
left, he slowly developed th
something behind. Nobody rea

for Earth, and there was talk in some son 9
for Bion: of halting the activity to pursue more productive

research goals.
It was vital to

conflicts, memory BaDS,
might hinder the continuing

and a

troubles.
‘The ship had passed through two spiral arms and a

large portion of the galaxy’s core over the last several
thousand years. It had hosted some thirteen generations of
pilots and had visited hundreds of thousands of planets,
collecting samples at each. And it would have continued for
another thousand years but for the loss if its personality
seed—the subsystem that made new pilots—to the two
ore che verified every imaginable parameter of ship's alien projectiles. It was Meroit’s responsibility, with the
Tunction down to the subcellular level, It continued for communication systems down, to see the ship home and to
seconds on end. deliver the amazing news that Earth had been found. She'd
Finally, she tumed the sensors on her own mind, Itwas be delivering more if it weren't for the damaged memory.
here that she received a shock. She knew that reinitiating a She had to be certain she'd make it intact without letting
personality from backup memories caused minor problems little glitches foul her course ot her progress.
Prth memory-—that was one of the many things Celtiberian ‘The alarm went off again, and Meroit knew there must
taught her—but she hadn’t expected damage to this extent. be an entrenched infection. She wondered where it had come
It was inexplicable. All the information she'd been given from. Fighting the infection would be hastened by her
suggested that one could only expect slight memory loss, personal investigation and treatment, one of Celtiberian’s
possibly a series of ticks. Nothing that couldn’t be corrected. tricks. She wished she could access the memories lost when
by the psych rehab programs. But the damage she was seeing she had been restored. Though the pathogens were still at
would require intensive chemical modifiers. It may even low levels, she decided to flush the system again in hopes
require physical intervention. that she could retard the progress of the infection enough to
In the middle of her own internal explorations, the ship get a clear view when she entered the bloodstream.
relayed an alarm. It indicated minute but rising levels ofa _—_Celtiberian had learned a technique to fool the ship into
pathogen spreading out from near the damaged portion of secreting, rather than scabs or leukocytes, a sort of
humaniform vessel for carriage of a pilot into the blood. He

the ship. Hoping her own glitches could wait, Meroit
dispatched antigens to the site. was always tinkering with things. He had an insatiable lust

The ship’s immune system was supposed to be self- for trying new things. It never made sense to her, but he
regulating. It had a huge memory bank dedicated to storing, seemed to think it should. Celtiberian had taken her into the
data from previous infections. Unfortunately though, much bloodstream once for no reason at all. He’d shown her how
memory had to be cannibalized for backup after the alien to secrete a proxy body that could explore the inner workings
missiles detonated. The damage directly caused by radiation of the ship's body. She didn’t understand what she might
‘was serious, but it was all the attendant problems which gain by exploring the ship outside of the brain where she
really threatened the mission. Clotting had caused several lived. Celtiberian was extremely odd. She worried for him,
small strokes in the ship’s brain—killing pilots, and wiping but she supposed that such anomalous personality traits
out memory resources, it had been catastrophic, nearly fatal were the inevitable result of spending so much time isolated
to the ship. Meroit was doing many things manually these with the ship’s—humanity’s—memory. The things he must
days, wodiag we incomplete information and trying to have seen,
solve problems that specialized cortices of the brain would She created a proxy body by directing the ship to secrete
normally cope with. Mostpilots wouldn'tbe flexible enough. a mass of muscle and sneer The accreting organ wat
For that, she had Celtiberian to thank. Most ships would conveniently near the damaged area; apparently, the damage
have died. She imagined hundreds of the ships sent out to had allowed the infection to take hold.
cole as ip fests aimlessly through space, dead from She did a quick calculation to determine how long the
relatively mio pesos Meroit felt ashamed that the ship would last at the current rate of pathogen production.
pres pera) A lapsicckang shame was one ofthe “Making antibodies was costly, and an already-injured ship

Ry Peers be errr ani long ago. didn’t have the resources to keep up the fight. The only
Preiaics fis. ser pan of pathogen dropped, and way to survive would be for Meroit to help the ship fight.
She fesumned het own self-examination, Meroit was th last Even then it was long way home. Sho was thankful for

ip’s pilots. Most of them had piloted along with Celtiberian’s idiosyncrasies.

e—internal
that

heck for brain da
inor subsystem psychoses
function of the brain upon whi
pees was only a parasite. Dipping the limbs of her
Consciousness into the information flow from the master
brain, Meroft was relieved to find a healthy central nervous
system, The vitals check went on for interminable seconds

Being awoken from memory sleep is an experience that
Meroit had never before encountered, though Celtiberian
described it as something akin to having your brains passed
through the intestinal tract of a large herbivore. She didn’t
know what that meant, but it didn’t sound good. She also
didn't know what had caused her restoration from backup
memories. It must have been a traumatic event—the
automatic process would only be initiated by a shock to the
system—something that damaged the ship’s brain,
something that destroyed her own mind. There would be
residual damage.

She immediately began the routine of checking ship’s
vitals—a task made somewhat more difficult and a great
al more frequent since the injury incurred several years
60 during a close approach to a planet whose inhabitants
st sppateatly mistaken the thin-shelled metallic egg of a
Stn for one of the vastly more threatening asteroids
aren their crowded solar nebula. The weapons they’d

“aig broad radioactive halo marring the ship’s aft. Its
ay tnnards had withered in the area like so many
avoids Preserved biologic samples. Luckily, the blast had

ded the heart of the ship.
bint dimly wondered whether the aliens were part of
5 Fy Spectrum that humans had left scattered about
Was ng ak a8 they'd migrated the galaxy. But wondering,
oe Part of the mission—the utility of knowledge was
‘otace ot only to the extent to which it served the mission:
ith's location. Then again, what harm was there

in wondering now that Earth had been found? She'd gotten
used to Celtiberian telling her extraneous information and
she’d developed a certain affinity for the knowledge. She
worried that she might have picked up a few too many of
Celtiberian’s idiosyncrasies.

The memories she had inherited from her backup self
were approximately an hour old as compared to s
She compared the ship's current heart rate to the rate she
remembered. It seemed to be slowing a little, but was well
within normal parameters. The heart was like any biologic
heart, except from the inorganic polymer membrane that
sheathed it and prevented the high-current nerve impulses
from arcing across the muscle fibers. It pushed huge quantities
of bloodlike fluid through the corridors and body cavities
that made up the ship's mass. Unlike the fragile, gas-filled
chambers used by so many of the galaxy’s intelligences, this
ship was one of flesh. This ship could withstand external
pressure changes that would make foil of primitive, abiologic
Besides the hull, the whole of the ship was
made of living tissue imbedded with plastic spicules and
meshes and membranes. Its pilot was bodiless, thoughts
roving the many cortices of the ship's bran, entirely contained
ina living dream but constantly engaged with the body that
supported it; a fully-equipped biologic cabriolet though
the sparsely-populated chasms between star systems, The

information stored in ship’s brain was the only crew and the

only cargo, and Meroit was the only one lett see its grand
discovery home—not humanity's original home; that was

space vessels.

24

only reason [think of himasamanis because ofthehaironhis The old man stands up next to me and looks through the

toes, which seems foolish to me now. window.
hats he going to do with that?” Marlo says, pointing —_s the lion prepares for another lunge, two men in green

tne gnawed end of his pen at the staff. He clicks itin agitation. suits appear atthe end of the hallway with rifles. They shoot
T kneel down and hold the staff across my open palms, two tranquilizer darts inthe lion’s hindquarters. It ylps, say

extending itto the old man. He lifts his head but I can only see around, and runs at them. They duck out of the hallway, a

shadowy silhouette of his features. The skin on his hands is. the lion disappears after them.

Gark and leathery but his palms are light and pale asifthe staff The old man shakes the doors.

has bled into his hands, He hugs itagainst his chest. feel pain “Are you kidding me?” a man beside us says

swelling in my knees cricked against the floor. I pull the staff out of the doors and pull the old man into the
“See, man, See. Nothing to say. Not shit,” Marlo says. He hallway with me,

spins around and wheels off through the cots, his penclamped “What are you doing, kid?” one ofthe men asks.

between his teeth, I give the old man his staff and he walks with me down the
“The old man reaches forward and presses his palm against hallway where the lion is roaring and two men are screamin,

my head like my mother used to when she checked fora fever. “Shoot it again, damnit!” 2

Twant to be cradled to sleep. When I wake with my arm numb The lion staggers. It turns towards us and roars with its

and throbbing under Marie, I'll whisper this dream into her ear eyes half-closed. Hunkered again in a crouch, the lion can't

in all its dramatics. muster the strength to attack and falls into a heap at our feet.

Children jump rope and I listen as it slaps against the I watch the old man bend down to the lion and stroke its
wooden floor, the kids rhyming, their shoes squeaking like mane. He pushes the lion’s eyelids open, revealing a large white
basketball players. The rhythm of the jump rope slows and eyeball that’s rolled back in its head. He rubs his throat, then
synchronizes with my heartbeat, and the rhymes become opens the doors and hobbles out into the windy night.
lethargic and disoriented like a tape player low on batteries.1 Part of me wishes that the lion mauled me, that I would
close my eyes. have this disgusting gash seeping through the gauze while I lay

A lion roars. The old man pulls his hand away and I open ina hospital bed, Marie weeping above me and lightly touching
my eyes. The homeless are sitting upright on their cots looking my wound. I would show her where it hurts.
around, spooked like dogs. Children cry, the jump ropes So here I am, this shirtless, impish boy who's afraid to
dangling from their hands. The lion roars again and it’s in the summon up his strength and be a man, standing over the hulk
hallway. Its shoulders swaying up and down asit creeps toward of a lion, who may very well be dreaming of the impala he
the gymnasium. Two men slam the doors closed. They dragged into the thicket some long gone forgotten night. [ want
frantically search for something to secure the doors with. People to forget everything,
scream and scatter in our direction, one of them pushing Marlo. But here I am, just another boy without a date for this
like they're running with a wheelbarrow. They huddle in the spinning dance of the seasons. Day twirls into night back into
dark comer. day.
“The old man stands and towers overme. He hobbles through I could call Maric and sort out this cop situation. But
the mass of cots, leaning against the staff. The two men rip it what would I say that would be heard? I could go home and
from his grip, pushing him aside and secure the doors with it. flip on the History Channel, maybe catch more about
Tun across the gymnasium, hurdling overtumed cots, and Napoleon, and this time I'd listen intently, while [lick the
I help the man up off the floor. He staggers and leans against salt and scattered kernels of the empty popcorn bowl. I'd
me as a crutch. The two men step back from the doors. listen to find out what went wrong.
“It looks pissed,” one of them says. I could return the sting by walking into the bakery with my

Through tiny windows in the doors I see the lion on its sts clenched, my eyes wild and tearful, and make a beast of
hhaunches. It leaps against the doors and I fall backward, the myself until the authorities sedate me and I'm only let with
hard floor jolts my tailbone and the crowd screams behind us. dreams of how everything was and could have been,

‘The doors separate slightly, bending until they catch against But 1 won't. know my limitations. "lbs sot. Tl move
the staff. jump up and look through the window. ‘on like the old man, in a sense. I'll take whatever is
The lion roars and walks back with its head 4 given to me.and make do with it, quietly, and
low. Its muscles look like they have been ‘perhaps, that’s the loudest noise {can make.
sculpted from stone.

pomas a glitch. When the first of th

e missile
palit memory cortex temporarily lost contact with the
beanie ship Ithad automaticaly created Celtiberian to
et of ha strategy for reconnecting. He did his job for
sik pds before the second missile hit, delivering aot
Coa? toe
Tisigndtte broken

re
euros Sains:
castro Meroit had

¢: ed
‘the one designat

‘ip through &
jon to inspect the
cate banks. She met
mi ranger there, and
reeveyedtim back to the
Gain cortex to confer

‘eth te other pilots
Manchu, Jurchen,

andl Cemet fired blasts
of coded thought back
and forth through the
ship, trying to decide
what Celtiberian was to
do, The three old pilots
discussed the new pilot
situation, all the while struggling to poultice the destruction
which had created him. A fifth pilot was superfluous and
human history had shown well what happened with idle
hands. Eventually, it was decided that Celtiberian would
survey the memory damage. He was to check each synapse
and cell. Though it was an unusually simple job for an
intelligent pilot to do—simple automatic subminds usually
handled such menial tasks—it was very time-consuming. The
‘memory was enormous, Tracking down the origin of humanity
neant collecting and analyzing samples of life forms and
artifacts, comparing records of geomorphology,
histoy...virtually all of collective human knowledge.
Celtibetisn had to make sure all of that information was
sccessible and he went about his job with exceptional vigor.
Meroit had to perform her job now to ensure safe passage
‘orthe result of Celtiberian’s and the others’ work. Her mind
slipped carefully out of her subcompartment of the ship's
n, sliding through the peripheral nervous system and into
‘he temporary body that had been secreted and awaited the
Ssimation brought by conscious thought.
eee
relay secretion organ dissociated itself from the proxy:
and Meroit crawled along the vessel walls against the
Pal of blood. The body had scaly, plasticene spicules
mag 88 manipulators and allowed her to grasp the tough
digg tthe artery. She spread her limbs and fanned-out her
smelling, feeling, tasting the contents of the blood with
toatacy nes SuPisingly, the ship’s own antibodies began
selves to her hands and arms.

She ignored the probl
of the pathogens, but as

ep and followed the feel-taste-scent
dwindled, then almost di

she crawled farther, ;

the pathogens

nathan meknight

isappeared, sav

ter proxy. Buffeted by the cureni she nee ese acted to
to no avail. There seem
Pathogens were simply

he current, she went ab
red to be no locus in
alaround. Aferaererucein ts
ating moment
she gave up and hurri
itream to the secreti
ode to attempt diagnostics with the
help of the ship's brain,
2 ‘She found it there. The node
itself was infected. Antigens
continued attaching themselves to
Meroit. She hurried her examination,
oting unusual lacerations that didn’t
Seem a likely result of an infection.
She needed to be quick since
the body she inhabited was very
delicate—a mere hint of human form,
little more than a bundle of nerves
sketching the trace of atiny-brained
body. She could be damaged easily.
If she remained in the bloodstream
for too long, the antigens could
degrade her spinal cord and the proxy
body would dic. Then, she’d have
tobe reinitiated again, losing more of her own memories, more of _7-
the memories of Celtiberian. She feared that the ship might also
die. Or, in making it home, she would suffer so much brain damage
that she wouldn't remember any of the experiences they'd shared.
She wondered what had caused her to go through the reinitiation
before. Something to do with the infection?

‘out her job, but

The infection was deeply entrenched, eating away portions
of the secretion organ. This was a serious problem, and probably
the reason she was being sieged by antigens—her own proxy
body had been secreted by the infected organ! Such a situation
‘was intolerable, and she struggled to clean the invagination that
housed the pathogens. Slowly at first, Meroit pulled loose
ccheeselike globules of bacteria, but the infection was deeper than
she could reach, She dug with her clawlike spicules.

Meroit felt a trembling in her proxy muscles. She would
have to clean the site thoroughly. Otherwise, = ea be
able to secrete any more proxy bodies to examine future infections
or injuries or other problems that could threaten the life of the
ship and destroy the information contained therein.

The antibodies attacked the infection as well as the proxy,
not differentiating the one from the other as she tried to help

them fight.

Soon, :
‘out at the infection with
panicked, and in her panic,

wall of the ofB80. 4 break little pieces from the vessel walls,

started !
eke into little pieces herself. Then, she stopped. She

he began lashing
he could not work efficiently, and she beg:
H sinewy limbs and sharp spicules. She
she inflicted minor lacerations on the

The Memory of Flesh
-28-

was doing damage to the ship. And the
damage was identical to the lacerations
she'd noticed earlier. Meroit had trouble

connecting thoughts in this temporary
body as its nervous system deteriorated
ge by the ship’s immune

What

under the
defenses, but a thought was U
had caused the older lacerations?

She darted for the nervous in!
‘on the secretion organ. She had to get back
into ship's brain, She couldn’t let these
memories be lost when she was reinitiated.
She couldn’t let herself go through memory
sleep again. She'd done this before, she
thought. She’d been here and fought this
fight. How many times? The memory
damage was extensive. She must be stuck
ina cycle of rebirth, fighting, rebirth. How
Jong had this infection been here? How
many times had she fought it?

For the first time, she considered her
own survival apart from the survival of
the ship, the completion of the mission.
Her proxy body was coming apart, and
she flailed, trying to connect to the
interface. If she didn’t, she would repeat
this over and over, degrading further each
time. Then, she would be dead and so
would the memories of Manchu, Jurchen,
Ol Cemet...and Celtiberian. She felt she
had to protect those memories, though she
did not know why.

‘The nerves were badly damaged, but
she could still access the ship’s brain. She
calculated that the ship would succumb to
infection long before it reached the home
systems. If she stayed out here to fight,
the ship might make it. But she would not.
It was selfish even to consider her own
survival when the mission was at stake,
and so close to completion. She was
charged with bringing the news of Earth
back to humanity, She was not charged with
bringing back her own memories, There was
no need for the survival of her affinity. .her
love—for Celtiberian. She had to
‘communicate the location of Earth so that
humanity could find what it had lost.

‘She accessed the ship’s memory. The
vast landscape of human history which
Celtiberian had found so fascinating had
been gone since the stroke, the worst in a
series that continued to erase little patches
of ship's memory even now, since he and
the other pilots had been killed, since
Meroit had been left alone. Now, what little

memory was left was being used to store
the information that would allow
humanity to find its way back to their
original home. She erased that information.

She erased the location of Earth,

though it would be thousands of years
before humanity sent another ship back
to the area that this one had already
explored. She erased it, and transferred
her own memories to the pittance of
ship's memory left. Humanity would
‘condemn her for the selfish decision, and
she was ashamed of herself, She felt weak,
and not because of the pathogens—
though they were attacking her proxy
body with vigor.

She had been infected by
Celtiberian’s damned idiosyncrasies, his
damned curiosity, his damned self-love,
and she'd sacrificed the mission for the
survival of her own memories. She was
angry—angry, like no human had been for
thousands of generations—angry at
herself and angry at Celtiberian for giving
her the ability to feel anger.

She unleashed the anger on the
infection, digging at it, attacking it even
as the antibodies attacked her. She ripped
at the infection, ignoring her own
disintegrating proxy body, ignoring the
weakening of her arms, ignoring the little
pieces of wrenched tissue as the
antibodies digested her. Soon, she was
flailing at nothing but the flowing blood.
Soon, she could not hold onto the wall,

soon her limbs began to fall apart, and
she broke up into fragments, carried off
by the blood to be reabsorbed by the
ship’s liver. She lost consciousness and
died once more in the blood stream.

Memory sleep was a discomfort
‘Meroit had never before experienced; it
was like having your brains passed
through the intestinal tract of a large
herbivore. She immediately began
scanning ship's systems, saving her own
memories for last.

sing his limp body back onto the slope
will for any rash shortcut, I hoped Slope again, on
the I ight outside, | insisted, would do him good,
He shielded his eyes with his hands, cursing his lost
aggasses as hough they would make everything copasetic.
Sr beat the visor in every direction then, out of futility
Fippedit against the ceiling and covered his eyes, Iscanned
Macs and mailboxes and street signs as they flashed
vay from US

‘an see hot red light through the skin and bone of my
panda” Wallbacher said, “Why haven’t you tinted these

windows?”
depashed my Neil

young After the
Goldrash cassette in
the tape deck,
knowing that good
sic can alleviate
fry blight in
perspective. This
‘one had smoothed
over several ruffled
feathers before.
Some of the tape was
twisted like a tongue
from its excessive
‘wound licking.

I pulled into
Huntington Bank,
figuring the best thing
todo would be going
about my business.
Wallbacher moaned like a sick dog next to me, hanging his
starbedazzled head out the window. It was Saturday and I
was feeling the brief security of still having yesterday's
paycheck in my possession. I scribbled my account number
‘nthe back of an old envelope and signed it, then crammed
my paycheck, the envelope, and my driver’s license into the
capsule and launched it to a dark haired girl who had her
head bent over some deposit slips.

She looked up and reached for the capsule. Wallbacher
Moaned next to me. “She's beautiful,” he said. Indeed, she
‘Was, an iridescent sleek flag of black hair, a sharp, aquiline
ms and her smile as seducing as hot breath on your ear

She spoke into a microphone, which sounded a muffled
‘Squawk.

“Hello, how

.” Wallbacher leaned over me and clasped.

Sweaty hand over my mouth. His other hand was
red way too far up my thigh. ‘
;s,,09ed moming,” he sad, “We have another transaction
You'd please send back the capsule,” he said.

pict Nice was muffled under his hand until I chopped at

Sote ribs and he withdrew it. ;
tare you talking about, another transaction?” I said.

'No time,” W; n my glov
'e,” Wallbacher said
said rummaging th
compartment, After spi eat of is con
i
illing most of its contents on the

Produced the man
ipped two pages out of it
a come on, what are you doing?”
oan ae ice Off the floor and scribbled a lon
Erected ice illustrations of children's safety One of hem
Would happen if you placed a child in a car

seat backwards ssenger side. He shifted his
he front passenger sid

“Grab the capsul

nual to my 96 Ford Escort and

” he said,

“What? Come on.”
“Grab itt”

I reached for the
capsule and smiled at
the bank teller who no
longer smiled back
Wallbacher stuffed the
Pages into the capsule
and handed it to me,

“What's this about?"

“Launch it, damnit!"

watched with gloom
as the capsule sank
slowly into the chamber
and then a rush of air
sucked it through the
tubes to our impatient
teller. She snatched it
and seemed to mull it
‘over a while and then
she vanished from the

window.

“Ahh, man. Where'd she go? Where’s my money?”

Wallbacher opened and closed his hand next to me and
shook some feeling back into it, He looked meditatively off
into the parking lot of Kroger where a kid was collecting all
the scattered carts in the wind, his shirt convulsing like
there was some animal thrashing around inside it.

‘The teller returned with a man in a full pin striped suit
who stood next to her and folded his arms. His complexion
was dark, suggestive of Italian heritage, and he scowled at
us, She tuned back to him and held her palms out, shrugging
at something it seemed. The man squatted down to the

microphone.

“Gentlemen, this is a business establishment and we'd
our behavior accordingly,” he

appreciate that you conduct y
said, The man pinched the knot on his tie and tightened it to

his throat

‘There was the s¢
capsule. I scowled at
deposit receipt and my
transaction I made from
scowl, no matter which tel
be a note on the computer

‘ound of rushed air and out popped the
Wallbacher, It held only the green
driver's license. I feared that every
there on out would elicit the same
Jler attended me. Now there would

that would pop up whenever

g
=
S
5
8
3

y of Sunken Vessels

The Recovery

-30-

“Nah. You see, sometimes you need physical pain to

forget about emotional pain,” Wallbacher said, grimacing.

He squinted and rubbed his ribs.
“Jung say that?”
“[ don’t know. Probably.”
‘And so Wallbacher propped hit h
smashing the Mike Sells, ready to expound on the difficulties
Sf finding a suitable companion. Men, our internal oceans
Should house all the bobbing bottles encasing the things that
Gon't float, but should sink into the cold abyss where their
soggy messages are smudged unreadable.
at Wallbacher was bent on catharsis. He would hand
me a notepad and I'd busy myself with something else,
maybe scribble down my dream I had the previous night, or
T'd postulate on the chances of the Buffalo Bills going ten
and five this year. You can only take aparta broken machine

nself on a couch, his feet

and randomly press wires together so many times to see if
rinks must surely see this as an axiom of their

they spark. Shi

ned the very details of this scene. Wallbacher
watching as these burly guys, college sport hats backwards,
wearing Abercrombie vests, passed his date around and each
took a tum at her from behind.
“They saved her life,” Wallbacher said sorrowfully.
“Well, shit, that’s good to hear,” I said
‘Oh yes, quite good.” He stood up and wet a rag in the
sink and hunkered over the coffee table to clean the spilt
droplets of bloody wine.
“What's the damned problem then?”
_,_Wallbacher separated his thumb and forefinger an inch
“L was this close to making a genuine connection.”
Everything had gone perfect up until that point, he said.
He had acted as a true gentlemen, holding doors, helping her
into his Suburban, listening intently to her conversation,
full with puzzling medical terms, and thoughtfully replying,
to show he was interested in what she
‘Wallbacher said everything was leading up to that
moment, and once shared, there would have been insatiable

profession
'Wallbacher squinted his eyes, struggling to open them as

ithe’d been belted hard on the head and had developed an
irreparable twitch. The Sauvignon pulled his brain from his
‘skull like it was a wad of gum stuck in his hair, Poor sap. He
was Cupid’s pincushion, walking around like an old drunken
extra froma silent Western flick, arrows jutting out him like
porcupine quills.

He began a great roaring monologue on his date the
previous evening with a gorgeous medical student named
Mya. He spoke with a lit cigarette stuck to his lip, glued
with his sparse saliva, not that he was a smoker. He didn't
drag off the thing, but he had an image of the great defeated
French lover to carry out, wearing black Levi's anda charcoal
tee shirt like some hack art student. His voice became soft
and tremulous over the difficult parts where he claimed to
have seen a glint of promise in Mya’s eyes while she forked
an oozing chunk of chicken cacciatore. It was the one moment
they shared suggesting possibility, he said.

He dredged retrospectively in bewilderment, shaking his
head. He confessed fear of not finding a true woman meeting
his criteria—a mender of wounds, a scrambler of eggs, 2
warmer of beds—a true simpatico to nurture the wounded
landscape of his soul.

In that moment, Wallbacher said, a strand of her
strawberry blonde hair fell down into the cream sauce. He
brushed it back behind her ear and smiled warmly at her. He
was overpowered by the glint, a shimmering distant fire
across the hazel terra of her eyes, and Mya’s face reddened,
what Wallbacher said he initially saw as blushing, but as it

desires to be around each other, ever long moments waiting
for phone calls, at least three months of incredible kindness
and sweet sincerity.
“That was the last time she ever looked at me,” he said.
“She choked,” I said.

“Yes, she choked. Then insisted on buying the guys a
drink and they encircled her at the table. She smiled at them,
and every time I opened my mouth to speak, somebody
stole the opportunity, talking inanely about some party,
lodging peas in my throat, damnit. Eventually the jackals
dragged her off toa kegger,” Wallbacher said sofily, hushed
by the painful remembrance. “They stuck me with the tab,
ail $85 of it, and walked over me and out into the night. The
beautiful Mya was taken into the hills by a bunch of savages.
[retreated home with the Cabernet Sauvignon, and well,
you know the rest.”

Thoped taking Wallbacher out into public would be like
dragging Proust out of seclusion and sicking him on every
curvaceous woman in sight, or unleashing the Marquis de
‘Sade into the fermenting hallways of an all gitl’s high school.
But it wasn’t, He was a man who came within reach of the
top of the mountain, but only to have the rock he held

‘nand he fell to the jagged bottom. With much prodding

looser
and forced encouragement, I would have to set the training
him along the cracked

wheels back on his bike and guide
sidewalks of his frail confidence.
‘And I would do it. Wallbacher and I de-pantsed our sixth

grade camp counselor, we hit spiraling fly balls behind ovr
mmer vacations ankl We Wore

tumed out a chank of chicken and peas had lodgedin Mya’s elementary school during sum I we wore
throat. ye birthday hats strapped to our chins at each other's partic’,
fe to scrap over heart struck

History is too valuabl " _strus
disillusionment. I would sce him through it and | imagine
*d do the same. By the end of the night, when all the

ans huddle in groups at eacophonous bars, Wallbacher

Js she all right? What did you do?” I asked.

“Well I jumped up to give her the damn Heimtich, but
she'd fallen backward onto the table behind her, her legs
kicking up in the air like she was drowning and a couple of
guys grabbed her and began pumping away at her.”
ead Sunken Oessels

by
Ben Crites

During a period in late April when the birds" songs were
seemingly more melodic and the glaze of sunshine inspired
everyone to roost, my best friend Wallbacher was besieged
by a transmogrifying lust for companionship. When his
efforts fell short, he tortured himself in the face of unrequited
love.

His phone call early that Saturday morning had unraveled
me from the drowsy warmth of my beautifully petite
girlfriend Samantha; my hand numb underneath her, strapped
against her belly with the elastic of her panties.

Wallbacher spoke between long, contemplative silences,
which he had done many times before when troubled by
something. He spoke terse statements about nothing of
consequence, keeping a safe distance from the underlying
topic.

felt my hand tingle, the blood rushing into it. Sam rolled
over in the bed and I studied the curve of her spine while the
old tickled against my skin like a feather and goose bumps
Popped down my arms.
Sam moaned and rolled over in bed.
Why is it that as we age, we try to drift away from
home? All of my friends were married or had fled to some
distant town, I would not lose another.

leaned against Wallbacher’s front door, my hands full
With my medical kt-va tray of two coffees and a couple
Eolaires from Krispy Kreme. Juggling everything against
the door, tuned the knob, and pushed with my shoulders
but the door jammed and the sudden halt splashed cofte®
my Dockers.
“Shit,” I said.

I shook the drops off of my hand and felt the skin tighten
against the burn. I peered into the open gap of the front
door. The Persian rug was draped over a large bulk, curled in
the fetal position.

“Shit, man. What in the hell are you doing?” I said.

“Wipe your feet, please. I’ve just shampooed my carpet,”
Wallbacher said, his voice muffled under the rug

Perhaps I should have been more compassionate and
realized these words were spoken by a delirious man, but a
red bum splotched across my fingers like a birthmark and
the throb of it begged release, I stood on the hump and
wiped my Asies thoroughly, digging my heels into the space
between his ribs.

“Ouch, fuck, man,” Wallbacher said standing up with the
rug still draped over him like he was some hideous sculpting
come to life. He removed the rug and a few hairs on his head
erected from the static.

His apartment was clean; the carpet still had dark fan
shapes impressed upon it. He had sustained serious damage,
Feng Shui implications of him balancing

as evidenced by the Feng Shui imp!
leaning the burn marks of his scarred

his surroundings, cl f
soul, removing all the ‘clutter that cramped his chi. Awar
sons waged on his coffe table; a chessboard setup, each

ide it li boitle of Cabemet
king castled. Beside it lied a green
Seuvignon, a few bloody wine drops and a stained cot.
eavaras an open bag of Mike Sells; its caver held
rejected crumbs of tired Wino.
“7 think you broke a rib,” Wallbacher said.
Sorry, man. I got carried away.”

-29-

esa

anyone accessed my account: Pervert, conduct business
quickly, do not make eye contact.

“What did you write?” I asked Wallbacher as we drove
away

“Nothing. Forget about it.”

He slinked back into the seat and closed his eyes, seeking
some dark retreat from another rejection. 1 imagined he

wanted to recoil and start collecting bomb mater
tall m:

manifestos against the governt
Kacienzki to Bin Laden, just heart broken
By this time it was obvious that the doctor needed help
from another expert. I kept the car running, parked in the
fire lane in front of Kroger’s and I called Sam. It was great
hearing her soft and raspy voice. I was sweet with her,
‘garnering a further appreciation for her in light of the sad
episodes of Wallbacher. I spoke to her in baby talk and 4
sang into the receiver for a moment. Then I told her
that I needed her help. She and a friend would
meet us at a bar on the Ohio State University (fj
campus at 10:30 p.m. I expressed the urgency by
which her friend must help sweep up the

together.
I found myself punching Wallbacher on the

and he got one in the slope between his shoulder and SA
triceps, right on the bone. Being in our twenties, I
would warrant, posed an obstacle to the dating scene.
Hell, hard as it was to believe, the frequency of ¢
embroidered wedding invitations was a bit
frightening and weighed heavy on our social purpose.
Working and dating was a difficult balance that many
struggled with, but hell, why not take Wallbacher to the
place where it was easy to score. Campus. The experiments
of youth, away from home and living it up hard, were usually
good opportunities to reap. This was where some kids
dropped their guard to pot, mushrooms, blotter acid, or
homosexual experiments. If they would be crazy enough to
try these corrosives, surely they'd warm up to the woo of
crazy Wallbacher.

Thad spent most of my Saturday negating Wallbacher’s
dreadful arguments when I could have stayed in bed all day,
ala John and Yoko, singing sweet music to my beloved Sam.
But Wallbacher would have slipped further into the spiraling
madness. These cases must be caught early before anything,
rash happens. I let him beat me in three games of chess,
gradually building his confidence back up for the games to
be had on campus.

‘That night I decided to drink coffee to keep tabs on
Wallbacher because the potential of drunken catharsis seemed
imminent and I meant to keep it in check. It was Folgers, the
sludge that normally sat undisturbed on the bumer for the
designated drivers of a far off imaginary land, Here we
careened off curbs and left mailboxes in shattered chunks. I

sipped at this sludge and smiled my big yellow tecth as Sam
and her friend Karen traded their MED grievances and how
tired its made them. Karen was garrulous, something that
‘was intensified with the downpour of White Russians. She
‘was dominating the conversation with medical acronyms
and Wallbacher sat through it complacently for the second
hight straight. He was a jigsaw piece with creased edges, a

© piece of ostentatious dark sky in the middle of the brick

build omewhere in the transition from college life to the
work force, he had lost touch with his roots. Some women
shot smiles across the dissipating patches of smoke and
he'd give sheepish half-grins dreaming that the skin above
their asses and on their ankles is uniform, not brandishing
any tattoos of rose bracelets or their pagan names, | imagined.

It was something he complained about concerning
‘campus girls. He seemed withdrawn, staring
in the flickering glow of beer signs.

Bars have always been a platform for

steel foundation under the table. The walls
were lined with abstract paintings and they
all had the same sad appeal, often the driving.
motivation behind art forms. My coffee mug.
_was empty but I grabbed it and raised it to my
lips dumbly as the habit would have it. shopped
// ~ around fora beautiful girl for Wallbacher. Everyone
7 was preoccupied and it seemed we should have

‘chosen a meat market, but the girls wanted to talk now and
the music of such places was deafening. Two beatniks
hanging onto their pseudo intelligent facade of drab clothing
leaned over a chessboard. I overheard people at the table
behind us discussing the values of disenfranchisement in
Radiohead’s OK Computer, which the juke kept coming
back to as though it was being interrupted from listening to
it in its entirety. Two guys at a table next to us postulated
the possibilities of the bar maid being pregnant and the averse
‘effects of her smoking on James” Giant Peach inside of her.
remembered seeing her reading a mindless paperback behind
the bar, something she could sacrifice to distraction, back
when I frequented this joint a few years ago.

‘Another scruff bumped by us and smiled his joyful,
inebriated smile. He was a blissful victim of a power hour,
the shot-a-beer-a-minute (fuck it, let’s get to the point,
anything worth doing is worth doing tight) hour of testimony,
or so his loud blathering would have us believe. He wobbled,
in line to get another bottle; despondent after finding out
none of us had any pot, and I picked up my empty mug and
pressed it to my lips, again forgetting its vacuous nature.

1 looked around the bar, at the three women lined up on
stools and their legs crossed and limp feet kicking, and I
(0 their toilet side attrition and the exorcism

thought forward t
of demonic Taco Bell. The bartender showed me

It's been raining here for two weeks. I gaze out of my 14" floor apartment window at the Chicago
sky, dark as a Leonard Cohen song. I guess the apartment is starting to stink. I haven't done laundry
in wer a month, and filthy clothes are strewn about the place. I haven't really noticed any smell yet—
I quit bathing last Tuesday—but the pizza delivery boy nearly passed out yesterday when I opened my
decor, | think unholy things are growing in the sink, but I don't go near the kitchenette anymore. The
garbage in there completely covers the floor and is pushing its way out onto the living room carpet.
‘The tiny bedroom has been closed off for months, making me think of a Julio Cortazar story. “House
‘Taken Over.” I try to remember how this apartment looked when we first moved in, when Allie was
still with me. I can't.

She left because of the housecoat. It was blue and tattered when we moved here, now it's little
more than a threadbare sheet with sleeves that I wrap around my nakedness.

“My god Michael, when are you going to throw out that fucking housecoat?” she asked me one
fateful Wednesday afternoon. ‘There would be no sweet loving that hump day.

I shrugged and turned back to my computer screen, hovering over the keyboard and rubbing the
comers of my lips. She picked up the remote control and muted the television. I had ceased paying
attention to it hours ago, but now that the sound was missing, I noticed it. | swiveled my chair and
frowned at her. “What.” It wasn't a question. 1 knew she was mad about ‘something, and this four-

letter interrogative was my way of telling her that sI
believe, A secret lake had filled up between us, and th

She huffed and took a bottle of beer from the refrigerator.
fat letter magnets on the door, the kind you spelled out elementary words with wher
Now some of the letter magnets remain, currently spelling out “fuct this riter dog.

he had my attention. It was raining that day, I

he dam broke.
‘There were cute teddy bear magnets and
n when you were a kid.

This apartment

the ribs. She wore lime green scrubs. His eyes were pink on the
‘edges and slightly bloodshot. He had been crying. His shirt
had grass and mud stains on the lower back and on the elbows.
My eye was swollen shut. They stopped about 15 yards
away from me. Wallbacher scratched nervously at his head.
The nurse looked around to see if anybody was watchin

looked down for a second. She walked over to the receptionist
desk, leaned over the counter, and retrieved a pen. She pranced
back over to him and blushed. Again, she looked to see if
anyone was watching. Then she bt
and scribbled something on it, smiled and poked a dot on his
nose with the pen. He reached out his good arm and shook the

ed the cast across her arm

\

X

nnurse’s hand and held on for what seemed like forever. She
let go and tectered on her heels for a moment while he
nervously scratched the back of his head. Something must
have really itched back there, I thought, then she turned
and pranced through the emergency doors.

I stood up as he approached me, feeling a dull pai
my bruised hip.

“How are you feeling?” I asked.

“Better,” he said and chuckled. I put my arm around
him and he pulled me close and hugged me. We walked like
that out into the calm of the dim April morning.

ouring out the sludge and brewing anew. 1
onsite display behind him, the conial shaped
mimond flavored liquor from Italy, the proce
an siquor, some ambrosia for the men and women

“noeph into Gods and Goddesses after the buss

M4 The bartender and I had warm conversations
pcs Ha hanks for the fresh coffee and him cutting the
tif on a refill. At the pool table behind me two
pre i Hemingways compared the size oftheir Johnsons
nor of their breaks. The same girls lining the bar

. same smiles through the curling screens of smoke
ie packat the table, glad to not Fook so foolish when

‘ny mug again, glad to have something wamn to
against.

ey arm around Sam and she kissed me onthe neck.

iPgh{ was warmed by the sensation, I felt sorry for

Almacher, forced to witness the very thing he wanted but

Waar find. He looked down into the traces of bubbly

ta that was once a Guiness, truly accepting the fact that

fersasn'this element. [Teaned across the table and prodded
imtoo fier the three girls perched at the bar.

appreciate what you're trying to do,” he yelled into
year, “but I'm just not feeling it It’s been a long day.” He
Jooked at his watch.

The girls wanted to go dancing, and if I would have, Sam
would have been incredibly happy and expressed it later,
tut cronies are cronies and I walked the creaking deck of
Wallbacher’s sinking vessel, brazening it through the tide of
another somber voyage home.

Sams fingers entwined in mine as we separated; we held
on until the tips of our fingers brushed against each other.
She had a silly beer buzzed smile on her face and when
Karen triggered her car unlock with a double beep, Sam
stared passionately at me and smiled. They stepped into
the green Mazda, furthering their ventures at a dance club
downtown where God knows what grisly Armani adorned
tien would grind against them to the staccato of bass
chythms.

Wallbacher walked with his head down, past the unkempt
lawns tered with random wrappers, empty cigarette boxes,
and paper bags. There were shards of broken beer bottles

and dented cans splayed across the sidewalks. Some
incbriated attention grabbers mocked us from a stoop, a lava
‘amp oozing in the window, but we didn’t care. Wallbacher
Kicked pebble and when he bridged the distance between
'chekicked it again with his hands stuffed in the pockets of
rok Hagar pants. He repeated this until the stone bounced

a divot in the dark lawn.

5 a Tmarched toward my Escort, headlights rushing past,
being saething of little effect to Wallbacher about thers
ed es ed in the fish pool, but he didn’t reply an
nb Oke back toward where I expected him to y
acoungts | $8 nothing but a pizza box in the street. Tkurned
Pa “yeti crossing about a hundred yards behin

2 thought.

m0,
net0o

who i

olvi
involv

viathe cl

i He disappeared into a
ine ‘and gold neckl: di
lastic cups of beer. Sor seo
and sports hats backw, dodgy
is hats backwards, Wi sie
a fire hydrant Masts: Thee was discarded keg beside

yard full of blonde
lace wearing men, all h
me students wore Abe

girls in tight

ight of drunken college

PPO lighter fluid contributed to
campus, c

students and a canister of Zi
my overall spite towards
party ghetto.

“Hey asshole! Wait

li
ida’ ane ot, Waitin tne,” somebody sid to me bu

around. I scanned through th
for Wallbacher. When I found him on the porch p=} oe

the wall, he was blocking a girl from getting past
Orne re Gena the crowd. A kid ea aticeees
ieisiae es eae hat on backwards stood behind him
sot teeal girl tried to get past Wallbacher but
Bnoudat tet hrough. Gators tapped on Wallbacher's

- but Wallbacher just glanced at him and kept going
on whatever diatribe he was giving. Gators tapped
‘Wallbacher’s shoulder again and Wallbacher brushed his arm.
off him aggressively and both beers spilt down Gators shirt.
Nee eis ‘Wallbacher by the collar and pushed him off

porch.

Fuck, I thought, and fora moment I considered collecting,
him from the trampled crabgrass and fleeing. But I had
invested too much in him to go home and press an ice pack
against his arm or leg. Friendships are defined by such
threatening moments, and I was determined to cement mine
with Wallbacher, Too many had been lost in the shuffle
before. I needed somebody to drink beer on the porch of
some God forsaken neighborhood and reminisce about old
times. This would be another in the catalogue of shared
experiences. The hell, [ thought, into the breach.

“The crowd hushed and watched us. I rammed Gators
into the aluminum siding of the house and then struck him
‘with a stiff right. ‘The girl was erying. She was wearing &
hospital personnel tag. Somebody pulled back on my bai
‘and hit me square in the eye and pushed me over the porch.
For moments, I didn’t know where I was and felt the horrible
sting and embarrassment of being punched. My beatrushod
Somebody grabbed me by my waistline of my pants emt
pushed me onto the sidewalk and kicked me inthe bac

cut my hands on shards of glass.
or Walbacher’s arm was all twisted. He was a block acd
of me yelling for me to follow him. I couldn’ sce uO
right eye. I scrambled for him, a bore of ee =n
‘me, Wallbacher’s legs shook and I wrapped
Ld imy shoulder and we hobbled to the Escort and

drove in silence to the University hospital.

Wallbacher limped through the emergency doors with a
fa r i Z
nurse, She was smiling and joking th him, elbowing him in

ben crites

ae

The Recovery of Sunken Vessels

has swallowed the rest of them, leaving me with a rather limited vocabulary. The teddy bear
magnets have wandered off with Allie to hibernate on someone else's fridge door, A black and

white photograph of an old shack with ’s Package Liquor” whitewashed on the side is taped
below the remaining letter-magnets now.

“Are you ever going to look for a job?" she asked.

1 rubbed my forehead and said nothing. The lecture was coming.

“Do you know this apartment costs us—correction: cosis me twelve hundred bucks a month?”
She popped the lid from the bottle of Corona and pulled a cigarette from the pack lying on the
bar. “When we moved here, you asked for six more months to work at home. I said okay. It’s
been almost a year. A year, Michael.” Her voice was icy. I tried to remember what she had been
like before she graduated college and we moved here. She fell for me because I am a writer, she
a hipple wannabe from an upper class family and me a struggling writer and an art school
dropout. But she found a job at an accounting firm the first week we were here and without a
word of complaint traded in her tie-dyes and sandals for gray business sults and sensible pumps.
She looked authoritatively sexy glaring at me and sipping the Corona. | felt my cheeks turns

hot, thinking of all those successful, well-dressed young businessmen she lunched with every
day.

ve been sending out a bunch of my short stories.”
“And have you heard anything back?"

“Well, I've received two rejection slips so far, but it takes awhile for magazines to get back to
you. It’s a slow process.”

1 walked over to the bar. She took a step away from me. I frowned and took a cigarette from
the pack. “The bulk of the manuscript is finished honey. Pretty soon, I'll be done editing it. I've
already started making a list of publishers to send it to. I just need another month.” This
wasn't entirely true. I hadn't actually written the ending yet. I was still waiting for it to hit me.
In the meantime, I had set some incredible records playing Minesweeper and Solitaire. Also, I

was caught up on all my soap operas. Still, the end was on its way. I'm finishing it tonight, after
I finish this letter.

“You said the same goddamn thing last month, and the month before that! Last month, you

promised to start sending out some résumés. I even went through the newspaper for you and
circled job listings! You haven't done a goddamn thing, have you?”

Had I stopped to think about it, | probably would have felt ashamed of myself. I had been
mooching off my fiancé for nearly a year! My sole form of income had been when my mom mailed
me a check for $200 on my birthday, and another one for Christmas. My ego was bruised though,
and I yelled at her. “What am I supposed to do? Sacrifice my creative spirit to the burger
consuming throngs of McDonalds’ cretins? She yelled back. We yelled together, our last shared
experience. Then she left.

I shiver and wrap my housecoat tighter around me. The gas company shut off the heat over
the weekend. I rub the corners of my mouth. There are sores there now. 1 look around the
floor. Scattered amidst the gray socks and Jeans and stained t-shirts are dozens of slips of
paper. This one says Orion Review. That one says Wondrous Stories Unlimited. Some are big.
Some are small. Some are handwritten, but most are photocopies. They are all form letters. I
pick one up and read it. “Thank you for submitting to Delta Strife Tales. We're sorry, but we felt
that your manuscript was not right for our magazine. Thank you for submitting and good luck placing
your piece elsewhere.” Rejection tastes thick and bitter, like the pot of coffee I've been nursing
for the last three days.

Anyway, enjoy the read, I haven't included an SASB, since I won't be here to receive the
rejection slip. I've got a long trip ahead of me: 14 floors.

Sincerely,

Michael Davidson
Encl.
nis re |
= Concrete
——=H4 Afternoon

1

~ ge Jue Bllony

I chutch the syringe and move away from him. I've just
closed his eyes and have already wept

For him the end was clear. For him, everything had been
clear. What power that must have brought. I look at the syringe.
The clear liquid within jiggles as my hand trembels. Thomas is
dead. It's over.

The afternoon glare breaks through the filthy window leaving
the room without shadow. I press myself against the far wall,
squeezing the needle. I am not sad. Not for myself. Not for
Thomas. What had it all come to? For Thomas, peace. For
myself, a quiet suicide in a hot dry box?

‘Thomas had been beautiful, alive with an energy that could
crackle from his fingertips and bristled his hair. Even now he
was beautiful. How old was he? Twenty, twenty-two?

In Virginia there is love and everything is bom of love

“I'll wait for you,” Thomas was on his knecs, his thin
blond hair pulled away from his face. “Trust me Linda. Don’t
fail me Linda. I love you.”

How warm his touch was. How soft his kisses. How
trusting. How seductive

In Ohio there is peace, clean gauze clothing and fresh
productive gardens. The group works.

His eyes burned fiercely blue below his smooth clear
forehead. As he raged his small compact body bound itself
into tight hard knots. “Trust me with your life young girl
Trust me with your bloated body and starving soul. Trust me
with everything you possess and I will show you freedom.”
As he spoke, as he stood, as he breathed, I lived. Fear was
nothing next to love and I loved him. Thomas/love.

In LA there is sex and surrender. The group is one.

This room has no furniture. We are all here. It's a solid
block of frozen air. We sit around him. We hallucinate. We
make love. We do not eat. We do not sleep. | am Linda. The
‘others here love him also, as they should. He is sleeping now
and we wait and we dream.

In this room I am naked and cold. I cannot breath. I am
choking, dying. My eyes begin to bleed. I cover them with
my hands and they fill with blood. I rub my face and it
becomes smooth and featureless.

His hands are soft and smooth and he strokes my brow,
comforts me. He is so beautiful. Thomas/savior.

In Frisco, hunger and tears and anger.

He stands before us. His nude body white, smooth,
shimmering. The knife he holds moves through the air and
digs into his left wrist. But he isn’t hurt. The wound erupts
and blood flows to the floor. He wraps it with a cloth and
Puts the blade to his other wrist.

In the van we travel silently. It holds us five easily.
Joseph, who was afraid, we give courage. Sally, who was
lost, has been found. Timothy drives and speaks only to
Thomas. [ am Linda and Thomas loves me.

In Kansas there is death.
Thomas/Love. Thomas/Savior. Thomas/God.

We are starving and Thomas tells us we must find Joseph
who has run away. He cannot be far because he has no
money. We search and search. Why have you left us Joseph?

I wait outside as Timothy goes in. We need money and
food. [ hear the scream and it frightens me. I go inside and,
see the child run to the stair. Timothy is close behind. He
strikes the child across the head and it tumbles down the
steps. Timothy grunts like an animal. am sick and leave
the house.

On the bed Thomas is cold though the room is hot. I
take off my cloths and lie next to him. I shiver. I am to
follow him but the syringe falls to the floor.

It's a hot concrete afternoon. The sidewalk burns my
feet. The sun bums my naked skin. I see the men coming
toward me. Their chests flashing beams of sunlight. Their
heavy black belts flopping as they run. I'm held and pulled
into a car. Joseph's here, his wrists bound, his face buried

in his hands.

about the contributors

This is a writers’ magazine.
Allstory rights are property of the contributor, as is all praise and blame.
Allartwork is copyright Joe Bellomy, 2002.

Joseph Bellomy

echoterral83@cs.com was born in this place without knowing why. Has had a
particular language imposed upon him along with particular ideas. Has often
wondered, wandered, and wobbled. Has jumped in a lake, gone and flown a kite,
and taken many flying leaps.

Benjamin Crites

Ben Crites received his B.F.A. in 1999 from Bowling Green State University. He
currently resides in Columbus where he is a journalist. Ben can be reached at
ben_crites@yal m

Nathan McKnight

Nathan’s been trying to make a magazine for longer than he’s been seriously writing
fiction...which is sad, really. His stories have been rejected from various reputable
publications, but firmly believes he will be published on the twenty-first attempt.

The secret to good pumpkin pie is fresh pumpkin and Chinese five spice.
aelffi

Shannon Rampe
Shannon fancies himself-a writer and is curious to talk writing or philosophy with

anyone who is interested. he can be found smoking cigarettes in the back parking
lot ot the Lane Avenue Half Price Books. He would like to thank his friends and

family for supporting him, especially Lauren, Jim Bowsher, and the Eveningland
Writers’ Group. Contact him at rampsputant@yahoo.com

————

For advertisement, subscriptions, submission guidelines, back issues
and general queries email floatingliarsclub@hotmail.com

=
3
Fd
g
y
S
§
5
=

-39-

3
g
Ss
=
3
5
8
3
$

