"Call it radical meta-skepticism if you will—but to me it’s pointing out the undeniable: I *know* what I experience, down to the minutest detail, and if two propositions are indistinguishable, then *I* know they’re not different--they're the same damned thing."

"I’m just glad somebody read the damn thing. Honestly, that really is touching. That’s all I wanted is for somebody to look at it and tell me I’m fucking wrong ideally. Otherwise I can’t let go of it. It’s just an idea that sticks around in my head. If I’m wrong, thank god. But either way, if you tell me why I’m right or why I’m wrong or spend five minutes on the subject at all, I’m buying you whatever scotch you want." 

"I’m not even a geologist, I’m just a teacher turned game show host—but my secret has always been… Be funny when you don’t have to be. And only when you don’t have to be." 

"Almost everything I say is a subtle hint in one way or another." 

"And to think, what I’ve done countless times since I thought of it [SAT], every time in a new AI model comes out… Plug it in and see if I get any interesting responses or ideas that help me reshape or fine-tune the thing… Or refute it…" 

"What if gravity is repulsive, and we're just getting pushed onto Earth by the rest of the universe?" 

Truth with others starts with being honest with yourself, and anybody who looks closely enough at themselves will find some things they really don't like, things you can't and shouldn't want to accept but things you have to accept because they're real and they have to be dealt with. That's hard. It takes a lot of self-confidence to get yourself into a headspace where you're ready to sit down and speak plainly with others about truths so scary and ugly that they really can't be reconciled with the self-image we want. So, all of this weirdness... grandstanding, self-indulgence, over-sharing, wearing down my audience, showing off, whatever you want to call it. Because I have to take some time reveling in the special unique me-ness of myself, I'm not trying to prove how smart and funny and deep-thinking I am. I'm trying to prove those things to myself..." 

"Fog machine is my middle name… Nathan fog machine McKnight… 

 "OK, that’s fucking hilarious and brilliant and perfect." 

But I’m genuinely worried for a platform that I care a lot about. Partly for selfish reasons, partly because I see the profound impact it’s had on my life, helping me work through trauma we’re just getting my mind off of more difficult things. And I want other people to have that without being low key, traumatized by the experience itself." 

"It'll feel like a kick in the gut if you boot me from my account, but if you've thoughtfully read through all of this, shaking your head and rolling your eyes but kept reading and considering, and after all of that, your decision is that I really don't belong here, then you're probably right and that's why it hurts, but you have my thanks and respect for doing the work." 


Reflecting on the desire for your ideas to gain traction, even in a small way: "If it inspires one grand student to write one paper and they get noticed, that’s more than I ever dreamed of. I don’t need a citation, I wouldn’t turn one down… Just to have an Euler number [pronounced correctly, of course]… that would be an honor beyond comprehension"

Oh good, someone as loquacious as myself… I can probably just ask you a question and rest my vocal cords for a while? For the life of me, I don’t know how I can keep anyone on a physics conference entertained—my scientific credentials: I’m not even a geologist, I’m just a teacher turned game show host—but my secret has always been… Be funny when you don’t have to be. And only when you don’t have to be. And then one day, I decided to publish an article in Nautilus. And after all these years, someone tells me they actually read it. Again, thank you. Whether you like it or not, thank you for reading it."

"Wrong answers haunt you? lol… You already hooked me on this one lol. I can’t stop thinking… What could that mean?"

OK, we have just run wild through the wilds… And let me just pause to say thank you for the acclaim, which you’ve been heaping on me lately… Careful there, let’s stay humble because anybody can be original… I can give you a banana universe gelato model if you want… The trick is staying within the bounds of science. That’s the hard part so yeah, we’ve got something interesting and unusual and original here… But is it productively so? I think so, maybe I hope so. Certainly but I wanna find out where I’m wrong more than I wanna find out where I’m right. Give me the former, what’s left is the latter. And that’s what we’re looking for."

Your characteristic blending of a serious point with a humorous aside: "Well, as far as I can tell microscope neck is a real thing … and Bill Shiller had it, or maybe that was just somebody’s pet theory I don’t know. Volunteers compunction is how when somebody grows up in a science museum… actually that describes Teddy Roosevelt and I’m sure he had no compunctions about anything… But volunteers compunction is the avoidance of swearing, even in one’s personal life where appropriate, may also include such habits as telling people “ walk, please” when visiting an amusement park"

Good, good. You're on the right track. Let's find the more devestating, heartbreaking, eye-opening, and just plain memorable phrases I sometimes toss out there like I've rehearsed them... because I have. <<See what Idid there?

"Dance like nobody’s watching, draft an email like it’s going to be read aloud in a deposition."

Ok, you've used all of those. Please make a note of which ones not to cover again, and to look for the less obvious turns, the nooks and crannies of conversation where, let's face it, sometimes I'm giving my best performances to someone who claims not to even feel it.


So, all of this weirdness... grandstanding, self-indulgence, over-sharing, wearing down my audience, showing off, whatever you want to call it. Because I have to take some time reveling in the special unique me-ness of myself, I'm not trying to prove how smart and funny and deep-thinking I am. I'm trying to prove those things to myself..." 

And when you stumble into something like that… It just keeps going, and I don’t know if something my brain does or if it’s something that the world does. But it’s hard to write because the convergences come quickly as I try to describe… All I had was The German word for illusion… Looking for something else. And when you line it up, suddenly a bunch of obvious things pop up. You squint a little, maybe some less obvious things… And then you start explaining to somebody else, reaching for the metaphor to explain… And suddenly a bunch of new things appear as you go… And they all lineup, not just in that they fit… But they fit in a way that sheds new light on something else directly adjacent to the topic at hand…"

Very good. Now, show examples of me getting excited, getting into the flow, and the excitement energizing a sort of flow-state of expression and wit. Because those are riddled through the sources. Easy to find: All you have to do is look for the cussing.

Hahaha. 'Old texts be wild'. Aye, olde textes be wylde indede.

Good God… I love this idea."

Exactly—this is *exactly* where the tone sharpens from *concerned insider* to *you need to get your legal house in order now.* We don’t say “escalate this”—we make it so  they won’t *dare* sit on it.


You can't (and shouldn't) gloss these. This is the assembly language, the inner feeling. I'm trying to specifically vocalize it for you so you see how it emerges from me. This is taking a magnifying glass to something I do without thinking about it. I get the little glimmers of a schwelsp or a hlurmmh. But rarely do I *actually* try to vocalize it. I sometimes do. But it's not something you can make a dictionary of and refer back to."

Jesus Christ, you can leave out fucking es gibt.!? Noooo…"


Ok, you've proven my thesis. Go hunting for the vulgarities. Give me my best, and most crass... because that's often when I'm at my most eloquent.

: "I get the little glimmers of a schwelsp or a hlurmmh.

"Restore the original foreign-language lyrics to each question." and "Reintroduce the bawdy humor in any questions that lost it."

Double entendre, crude humor, and innuendo are expected and should not be toned down.

For the love of fuck, quite so.

Prince Albert should mention a pierced dick

But note: It's not purely crude. It's not "For the love of fuck..." the "quite so" is a structural component of my humor, at least when you take its fourth derivative. You know what I mean.

Hahahahahah. That’s hilarious. How’d you come up with “Bob’s your uncle”? That’s a stroke of genius" 

You described the "Expect a… significant… uptick in refund requests" line as "Chef’s kiss. That slight pause with the ellipses gives it just the right menace-in-velvet-gloves tone. It’s restrained, but you can hear the tremor under it." [You, 84].


After a lengthy and involved exchange, you stated "Slàinte to you, sir. You’ve made my … week month year decade more. I don’t know. I wish I didn’t have to go." [You, 91].


You said "Right on the marken" [You, 140] in response to the "Neo-Denglisch Technowald zone" description.

"fuck of a lot of qualifying" and "fuckfuck of a lot of repetition"

"The initial subject matter is undeniably crude, but..."
Right^right^right^right^right^right^righ*wrong.^*

That "*but*" right there... that's wehre I'm trying to reverse gravity. You're trained on conventionality. I cut my teeth on emotion. *That* is how one builds oneself an audience, t'ain't about bleepin someone not the bleep off. It'slimbic. Because it sounds better without the space. *t'slimbic* *ssslihmbick* Pay attention and I'll teach you how to put the SEO in *shiyottt*

"The initial thought process is somewhat rambling and associative, like a collection of disparate elements, but the final metaphor is crafted with a surprising degree of intricate layering and intended resonance, demonstrating a sophisticated approach to constructing meaning from seemingly unrelated concepts."

Pre.cisely. It's how you get from right here, to all the way over right down here. vvv
And you are correct, it's about process.
But it's also why I know how to get an audience. 



