Our suppositic correc uld be inc though; Jack ble in the pr silence of his bean fields, or at most gurgling voice of his tractor. He sits down in the dirt, crosses his le and takes a deep breath. He closes his eyes and feels history wash « him This sensation is much like the calming, elemental ling he has when letting his fi tips explore the boulders he has unearthed, but it is both more powerful and subtle His breathing slows and his broad shoulders relax Though he would never admit to doing such a thing, Jack is meditating. His mind, wandering through its own back alleys and earthy tunnels, imagines a prehistoric world shaped by the storybooks he sometimes reads to his niece and nephew. This landscape is filled with lush foliage, towering palm trees, and the rich smells of old forest and fresh decaying leaves. Three-foot long dragonflies buzz throug Scattered the hot air and the harm: ic rise and fall of locusts fills the shadows. In th distance a great i roar sounds and an alligator-like lizard lurches amid out of a bush and into a murky pool of water covered in giant water His dreamscape is rendered in v vid Crayola colors. Jreshly frer some time J jack withdraws his hands opens his eyes, blinking in the sunlig tilled returns to work, putting thoughts of the skull out of his mind. He supposes he will call the are Jocal community college in the morning and speak to an archeologist. His dreams that night are vague, and when of the morning sun pierces his bedroom window the next morning, he awakens with only the memory of towering shadows looming over him. seem He drinks a strong cup of coffee to wash away the night and sits down with the phonebook, him thumbing through it until he finds the phone number for the college. He picks up the bone... telephone receiver and then pauses, His mental image of the thing in his field has faded over night and now he wonders if perhaps he was mistaken. Perhaps it was in fact just a large slab of some light and flaky sedimentary rock. He drops the receiver back in its cradle and gathers supplies for a lunch, then goes to the barn, He drives his old pickup truck out to the field, a shovel and a mattock in the bed, and when he stops and examines the discovery again, he is quite sure it is bone, He does not spend time in meditation again; his mind is on work and that is what he sets about. He starts with the shovel, clearing off the top layer of dirt, being careful not to damage the surface of the skull. Then he moves out several fect and goes to work with the mattock, tearing up clods of dirt and digging a trench around the thing, nearly twenty feet in diameter. In a few hours he is drenched in sweat despite the brisk March breeze, When he stops for lunch he does not look closely at what he is unearthing. We might be curious to look at it, see how far we
