Holly had spenta lon day in the off ce without a break Paul v as fi ing himself for the evenir fight. Sometim, x and the famished couple would p 70 back to Harlem wher Yid dish ai nd Italian and Irish voices filled th he air with the r its of the old countries voices that complemented Moth ' cin's cooking s 1 ike the spices of the east. Hol ly would im. press them with anced lotes of rich foreigne ts who always seemed to make extraordinary demand: s of the secretaries or on lucky days, to bestow upon them ludicrously large tipsin exchange for everyday kindness It was on one such occ n thar Paul first heard the name Israel ben Muhammad. Holly normally paic d scant attention to changes of leadership in the company, but the buy-out by an Arabian oil baron “The precipitated an especially large shake-up among the employees. “The stars portend opportunity,” Mrs. Stein told her son know

Indeed, Holly ended up filling her own supervisor's newly-vacant position as opportunity, lead « ecutive secretary, handling the ap- Mrs. pointment books of ben Muhammad him: self. told She learned of her new boss's real estate aspirations on the same day thar the change in man nt for the East Central apart ment buildings took effect. Notices were first posted to inform the residents on that very day. They were on all the walls, and in all the mailboxes. They were given by hand to every occupant, sometimes more than once. The postings

Jed the fine sheeny wallpaper with a quiltwork of { parchment In order to keep the “criminal element” at bay—some anti Arab graffitoism had taken place in the otherwise immaculate children’s daytime care facility—all residents were asked to carry punch cards. In addition, for reasons that were poorly explained, rent would be upped for certain occupants. Paul and Holly would have to pay more than triple the normal due The old landlord's chair and desk were replaced with a velveteen paisley dos-4-dos, and a new door had been cut, presumably into the adjoining suite. Paul defiantly pounded on the door, though he knew he wasn't even supposed to be in this office-cum-foyer. “Hey Mac, that area is off limits how,” one of the janitors had explained to Paul, whose punch card was already scuffed and bent from being tried in all the newly-locked doors that metamorphosed the building into the impregnable Egyptian tomb its lotus trumeaux had al-
