and and stood up. “Fine & “Fine then, tion here, He took Daisy's ha sulled Daisy out ¢ of her seat we'll just be going.” He nearly f ywards the door. Hi ; ic sighed and through the dining room t ding, thankful that onfrontation joe deeply as they left the buil was over. seth Ringo watched them go. “The woman was just 100 and he thought. He waited only a few moments then got UP followed Just as they reached the parking lot, D: aisy dropped her purse, She stooped and began stuffing he things back in-

side. “Come on, Daisy; » Glenn said ners cold vously, looking toward the exit of the restaurant. Frustrated, he bent to help mean, her. As if from nowhere, Ringo appeared. He’ll He pulled Daisy to her feet. “All right gitl. Thar’s enough of this. We're leavafter ing before things get out of hand.” Daisy broke away from him, ducked ” behind Glenn. He could feel her hands

tight around his arm. Ringo was pretty big, Glen thought, feeling the adrenaline rush into his system, preparing him for action. “[ love him!” Daisy shouted over his shoulder. ze Glenn touched her hand reassuringly, then gave Ringo a stecley eyed glare, one that forewarned his pending attack. ‘That's when Ringo punched him in the head. Glenn collapsed like a wet rag. He woke with Daisy patting his cheek and Ringo trying to pull her away. Glenn shook his head clear and struggled to his feet. As he got his footing, Ringo punched him in the stomach knocking him back to his knees. “You still love him?” Ringo shouted. “Yes, yes,” Daisy answered, “Get up Glenn! Fight him!” Glenn got up...then went back down from another blow to the head. “You still love him?” “Yes, yes!” “Damn you, Daisy,” Ringo fumed, his voice was low and cruel. “Please, Ringo, It’s fun.” Glenn got to his knees and Ringo pulled him up the rest of the way. “Do it,” Daisy said breathlessly. Glenn struck out wildly. His fist caught Ringo in the face. “Come on! Come on! Fight! Fight!” Daisy was jumping up and down and clapping her hands. Her hat fell off her head and thin wisps of her blonde hair stuck to her flushed lips as
