pared qucaled and smacked the Cay ain on the shoulder Morg n smiled. “W <2 at was it Pike? Bass? Wall Reba and he ne Captain exch ed glances. Morgan pivoted away from n on his stool and looked at the empry area of wood paneling th € ‘ood paneling that was a waiting home for the future mount. He thoug! t the deform of his kill. It puzzled him what would have taken an 7 ave taken an antler, taken a part of something that took > much time to grow and develop. He didn't know how to

justify it . Bur it didn’t seem For meat, he thoug

right.

“Morgan. You with us man?” Eddie asked “Were you dreaming, Morgan? You were dreaming. What of ” Reba asked “I was just thinking. Not dreaming. My mind was wandering, thar's all, Morgan said. *Oh, I'm remembering a dream I had Jastitight,” Reba said pressing her fingers tghier temples with her eyes closed. She tried to make sense of her dreams. She tapped her temples, looking for details. She leaned her head back and her shirt tightened against her breasts. -31- Morgan imagined doing things to them in his mind. Hehad never touched them before. Eddie stared. The Captain brought our a smoke, then looked over at Morgan, glanced at Reba, and smiled as he lit the cigarette. Eddie seemed to sip his drink in frustration. He looked bothered by Reba interrupting his story. “Oh, oh,” Reba said quickly as if it was coming to her. “It's night time. I'm on a roof of one of the cabins. And I'm in my blue nightgow vn staring at the moon. There are strange things happening on the moon so far away. cant tell what itis but somehow in my mind I know it’s not right." Eadie snorted and rolled his eyes. Reba kept hers close. The Captain copped Eddie inthe ches with the back of his hand. Morgan adjusted on the stool, trying to find a comfortable position. » Reba continued, “the strange thing is that I'm “Yes, and, oh, the cabin is somehow moving back on the roof of a cabin but he moon and this cabin is floating and forth. [look down from t in so much wate vate just about everything. I look r, irseems to cover dand ces and the moon, Then can only sce @ he tops of tr around an Irs sound: slike Dakota, but I look around [hear a dog barking, Bur there's barking, Next an cant see where irs coming from.
