“No, [don't know Thomas,” I say. soon. He gave me this,” st e says resting her I ; «pe'll be bad on her wheel hair, “and | that television. He's a good hand kid. i [ walk out of the r oom, marveling at how Mrs. Dawson Jeclined since t he last time I spoke with her. I walk has deco pallway and hear the down the ¢ woman on th } k down into a fit of tele sion scream What ” and brea crying. ] walk outsi de and past my bike doesn t and garage. I raise the wagon to the doo! rand there isn'ta sedan anywhere. that I There are boxes filled with clothes. Som care filled with cookware and There’s a blue father newspapers. upholstered couch and chair too. But no sedan. with a Awhite and blue object thrashes in the treetops as I ride back to my soccer mother. I stop peddling and coast to the side of the road. I get off the bike shortly and skulk toward the object hanging in the trees. his Ir’s a parachute flapping about seventy yards from my bike. I have to keep swatting away gnats to get a ood look at it. I beg in to dimb the tree until I hear r moaning about ten yards away. There is a man wearing blue jeans and a navy button-up flannel shirt laying face down on the ground. A gray pack with two lengths of rope extending from it, both with frayed ends, is fastened to his back. He moans through dried blood on his lips and chin. | feel his body. His legs and some ribs are broken. I don’t know how long he has been lying there. I reach in his back pocket and pull out his wallet. There's a picture of him and three women, probably his wife and two daughters. His driver's license indicates that he’s Henry David Wright and is thirty-three years old. I grip my hands under his arms to see if there are any breaks in his bones. They are all right so 1 drag Henry out of the woods to my bike. My lower back aches. He is still breathing but I don't know if he will make it to my bike. He probably weighs about one hundred and seventy-five pounds, aboureighteen more than me. When I get to my bike, Henry is unconscious.
