stinually at work vividly a I sf his mind iolent oF 1 death. Occasionally in : t feel sur come particular method, in that he ad rampe shannon ri heapined it sooner, such as the cold night ir cum leveloped a first imagined himself freezing to death He had develor em to keep track of which possibilities had happened all the particulars lly method ar ategorizing every i hims Af. For that method. Hee n imagined certain posit example, he magine imself for his careful sys that he had already agined and los fora hundred different rea

at the possibility tha stance or oth +, thus insur forget to until he | ad exhausted every that he would continue ¢ possibility * ent an entire year (altho

tire memory was were er resinix ails of his f ainstak system) im different ways other aloft, people might rake his ife. Wars were fox oss his lawn, cannibals came d up his org s, suckin ¢ marrow facing bones and dancing arot din the f the old cottage. Mobs of as he tortured him, hange

They accused him of vicious demonic possession, as a heretic and even as a artyr. He imagined the ailings that lick at nexpectable—the rot of his house

nal fall, the ankles. ring him and

imagining a great ross the countryside and his skin i waves of flame. The old man remembered this scenario and alized that he had come full circle. He sigh nd looked out his window at the distant forest of ¢ iill in the northeast. He saw a strong man and his boy, hewing at a tree w ith an axe. They brought to his mind a very distant n mory, and he saw in the mans face the boy he had seen so long oon the day he had first foreseen his, death. He saw that this boy had a likeness to this man in the ne way that distant child had resembled the former strong, man. The old man smiled and let his mind rest finally. He simply watched the man and the boy as they hewed the morning into jate afternoon. The distant pair had cut and stacked a dozen large poles of wood, each carefully stripped of its branches. The man said something to the boy and the latter nodded. Then the two started across the hill through the wild grasses that surrounded the old man's cottage
