Samson, Yahweh,” said ben Muhammad. The flames .v, and with them the golem’s body. Over the fire, the golem took on vitreous sheen. The surface became covered with glass scales, and the bulk continu ed to expand. Soon, the ceiling bowed against the golem’s shoulders, then it broke and debris fell from the upper levels of the apartment building into the basement. The fire consumed it all, and the golem had to step away to keep from hardening into bisque. As the golem grew greater and greater, the partition grew thinner and thinner, stretching imperceptibly be: tween the two souls.

Te was in that fire that my your prison, story begins. Though the

’ rabbi had di Jed me in two, children...’ Thad to work as one being.

Oftentimes, wish I had continued to grow and grow until my body formed a world unto itself, Alas, that was not to be. I was compelled towards the pinnacle where my lover would be opening ‘asafe full of money onan upper floor. I stumbled and fell along the rending ironwork and bits of pave- this time, my feet were the si of ment under my weight. By a trolley cars and my stride, the length of a city block. I ‘walked to where the shadow of the Empire State Building F yg vierced the daylight on the street. Peo} ple fled in terror before me, but by then I didn’t care. My cares were torn between love and hate briefly, when I saw the tiny rabbi scurry into one of the East Central apartment buildings. I ignored him, and g sped at the :mpire State building with an enormous and bending steel. I climbed until hand, breaking windows into the office where Holly I could look with my left e removed money from without emotion or haste. n the safe “Holly,” my voice We as hoarse and inhuman, but she responded anyway: “Come here.” of the building, so I I wrapped one arm around the side could lift che other and give Holly somewhere (0 stand. obeyed {, climbing out the window into my giant clay hand. ilding started tipping and sereeching, | As she did so, the ack away and watch it fal like a stepped ¢ Jown in time to tiny people div ing hopelessly from the windows. tree, with se obliterated all Ff the East Central apartment The collap' 1 one long; billo’ wing crunch. The cit y was alive my buildings in y which way, and maybe no one nowith sirens going & took a deep bre ehand did a backstroke into the abbi ticed when 1
