“ ent Mr. Stein...Mr. ‘One momer Mie nN Ste Ar. ben Mohammad says tha ys he will be claiming your fiancée as well. “Mr. Stein,” it was ben Muhammad's voice this time. “Be “What?” ick ae ener ancy has been terminates z will be traiistetrell cd the wie ofthe problems youve cased here today, yourcten: The name of Miss Landis. he will stay here with me, where you may trust that she will be in good hands.” “Just who in hell do you think you are?” “Sir, please try to understand. She is min Since before you were born, I’ve dwelt on that fi e. I realize you love her, but I loved her first. You when my father brought me to New York a a boy, the beauty of American women astounded me. But there was one in part wouldn lar. Her name was Honey. The wife of Milt Landis, her face caused my heart to weep. It mind was the memory of that face which I folee ee VOU that face again, and it is Hol of Milt and Honey Land he will be my that bride. Please leave the premises now. Do not attempt to reenter your apartment.” “That will be all Mr. Stein,” concluded landlord the secretary. On the way out, Paul regretted not pro- good voking the guards who stood by to see that he boarded the elevator to the lobby. As he hook...” stepped out the front door, a voice sounded from above. “Hey, you're the sparrer. Pauler the Mauler, right?” An overalled man squatted on the top rung of a ladder, holding a pile of gold foil in one hand, and a jar of glue with a paintbrush jutting from it in the other. He spoke with a Scottish accent. “Do you live here?” “Not anymore.” “Too bad. I suppose you don't like the management? Well, allot of folks round here feel that way. I can’t say as I share the opinion, though. IF it weren't for Mt. Mohammed, I wouldn't have a job. My family and me flew all the way from » and Mr. ben Muhammad paid for the Zeppelin Paul threw his body against the ladder, and Picked up the little man by the collar Several onlookers fled, but one of them—the janitor from upstairs—swung a fist at the air, Paul bloodied the artist’s nose and lips, dropped him and boxed his ears; he would have killed the man if he hadn't
