“The storm, Honey. The phone lines are still down,» i. | mother says and grabs a bag of frozen peas out of the freeoe, She bangs it against the countertop to loosen them = drapes it around her neck. She leans over the Counter and scribbles down some more items on an envelope, My mother says her car is broken and in the shop being repaired. It’s been there for weeks, in a small town sho

where business is slow. I assume she’s sold small it. That and the television, too. Or, she does have money, enough for tOceries veins and it’s inside the sealed envelope addressed to Solomon she’s writing the in grocery list on. Right there, one the table, Solomon isa large black man, bulky like

a bear. He’s bald and has a manicured beard. He also has this giant’s chest with hairs that curl and spread down to his paunch. I saw it heaving out of his robe, morning and night, standing on the little slanted floor of our small kitchen in front

of the sink, drinking glass after glass of on discolored water in these huge Hawaiian

shorts. Then he'd disappear back into my mother’s bedroom and close the door. We didn’t talk much. Maybe during legs. those silent moments in the kitchen we shared a greater understanding of why we didn’t want to wake my mother and we kept quiet to ensure we didn’t. He was friendly when he was around. He said “Hello” and asked me how things were and other mindless conversations like thar. I didn't mind the guy, really. He seemed to make my mother happy, on some level anyway. And he kept gas in the car brought home groceries from his store in town. And I supposed to go get groceries from him, Yet I haven't seen since we had a car anda television. didn't hear the storm, Was it bad? Did it hit town hard?” resting my elbows on the table. Pm done with the rolls her head in a semi-circle, tying to loosen up her “Well, you can see the debris in the yard. You know, it kind of bad, I guess,” she says. pick up my bowl and head the sink with it and ask, about in town? Solomon tell you anything damage in town?”
