have progr se and touch it again sed, look at ssh efers to ave that pleasur ntil he is done. returns to the mattock and the she J, letting his muscles and tendons stret ‘oss the arc of the sn. His thoughts are quiet and he becomes absorbed in his k, not stopping until the sun reaches the horizon. He tal s a long drink of water, splashes some on his face and neck, and finally looks down to examine the thing he is unearthing Jack was certain, just a few hours into his digging that day, that the thing was indeed a skull of some sort. But until now he had not looked at it directly, Now he stares at it, takes in its proportions, its overall shape, the placement of the eyesockets on the front of the skull, just above the nasal cavity, the bulbous top and back, the high cheekbones and brow ti ge. He now

realizes that it is certainly too large to house a tiny dinosaur brain, and shaped wrong to be a dinosaur or a mastodon. This is the skull of a

giant hur the

Different people deal with the mysterious and the inexplicable in different ways. Jack might dirt have called everyone he knew to come look at the thing, to try to make sense out of it with him. chips Hem ht have called his old high school friends in nearby Way nesville, he might have called has brother in Cincinnati. Had his father been alive what or had he known the whereabouts of his mother,

he might have called them to come see this to impossible monument unearthed from his fied after a week of careful excavation. He might have gone to the library, spent untold hours to be hunched over dusty books of folklore and

mythology, thumbing through archacology journals and textbooks. He might have called up the community college, summoning an expert to explain the inexplicable, who in his bafflement would summon his colleagues from other schools or digs, turning Jack's field into a major archaeological find, changing the face of science as we know it. Instead he tries to forget about it. He uses the muscle of his tractor to drag the skull into the corner of a field, amid a copse of dogwoods and bushes, He goes about his planting, working sixteen to twenty hours a day to catch up for the week lost in the excavation. At night he sleeps the dreamless slecp of the dead, And for a while, he is successful. The overwhelming exhaustion in his body and the focus on work in his mind are enough to keep thoughts of the giant skull at bay. ; ; ‘Thinking is dangerous for Jack, although he doesn’t know it, The decision not to think about the skull was not an active one, he just thrust himself into his work and stopped thinking for a while. He has no explanation for the giant skull, he has not thought about one. He has not realized that the human mind doesn't deal well with mysteries. The human mind needs
