_ and make sure y ke sure you get you get a couple cartons ¢ 2 of “Ob, a 1s,” she says, pretending to pull ¢ “ id ing off of an ertes Tor us, ” shi invisi hs since I’ve seen her, Isay looking “Jr's almost se 5 ev ble cigarette. en mont ‘ ang “for m the soggy ; the soggy com, and I think about her saying for us” like ciga Sa y ee 2 ioarettes are a family expense, even though I don’t smoke d JA ke directly, But I breath in her smoke that fogs the family room when we watch fuzzy game shows, the waves of static crackle on our black I see and white television. Yet another artifact wrapped in foil. Thus we receive three purple scrambled stations. But the television is missing. So my mother hasn’t had much to do but forking rummage through every closet, shelfand drawer, to remove the clutter. This different morning it's the fridge she scavenges, ignoring everything I say. directions “Why don’t you just call her first?” I ask. “Atleast I won't startle her that way.” like “And we're going to need a lot of canned food. Vegetables, pasta, fruit,” she rivulets says. She stands up and puts her hand on her forehead like she’s checking fora fever, then takes a deep wheezing breath her plump, and her head disappears again behind the freezer door. pale “Call her. Call Mrs. Dawson, Mom,” I say as I stir the corn bits. She pops her head up from behind the door to the freezer again. “Honey, the phones are dead. Silly. Had you forgotten?” She seems tense, a smoker without cigarettes, and I wonder if maybe she has her head in the freezer to cool off. and I did forget, for one reason or another, about the storm am that uprooted trees over and filled our yard with puddles, him This was a day ago, early morning, Sometimes it’s hard not “I to feel like I've been forgotten, left aloneona deserted island, Task, scanning the horizon for search planes. corn, I’m nineteen years old but can't prove it, I drive but don't She havea license, The only identification I have is a library card neck,

toa library chat burnt down more than a year was ago. The news said it had something to do 1 with skinheads. Anyway, I couldn't use the for library much toward the end of its days. We “What live twenty-six miles from town and I didn’t they wouldn't let me check out any more books, drive often, My late fees made things hard and about
