I walk down a hallway lined with paintings of parrots and into a small living room. There’s a birdcage with its door, but no sign of any bird in the house except for some feathers on the floor. I see Mrs. Dawson's white head of hair tilting to the side of a wheelchair she sits in. The chair has a control panel on the right arm that looks motorized. In front of Mrs,

Dawson, a man and woman fight him, on her color T-V. I call Mrs. Dawson's name but she doesn’t answer. I cal] and again, louder, but till no answer. The woman on the television cries and standing loves him. Mrs. Dawson's mouth is tells man with his back to her she slanted color. Her chest slowly expands. I agape and her skin is almost an olive of our my hand. She opens her eyes and nudge her cheek a few times with kitchen grabs this large hearing aid offaT-V. tray beside her.

“Is Thomas here?” she asks. Her of the body convulses when she speaks. Her voice is small and coarse, as if she has drinking laryngitis. “It’s me, Jack,” I say. She clenches after her lips together tightly and leans discol- her head forward. She raises a shaking hand covered with a few dark liver spots to her right ear. water... “Do you remember me?” Lask. “P’'m your neighbor, Jack,” I say, raising “Where's my Thomas?” my voice. “Who's Thomas?” I ask. She reaches to the TV. tay again and grabs a framed picture. Init isa woman wearing a red dress next toa man ina Navy uniform, and between them, lower in the picture, isa young man who looks to be in his twenties Wearing a plaid shirt. fd guess the picture is pretty old. She points to the boy in the plaid shirt, He looks like a younger version of the man I saw her car with her around Christmas. “He's so handsome,” she says. On the television, the man starts walking away from the woman but she grabs his shoulder and turns him around. cries and tells him she loves him, again, like it’s the only thing she can say to make him stay with her. mother,” I say, “Can 1 use your car? I need to run to the grocery for my “Is Thomas with you?” she asks,
