Wain RE rape whe ee tt Was: The janitor had diffused Paul's evident the fetter te card, as payback he said, for mind if you he'd won off last week's fight. “I wouldn't ar ‘Ou gave that new landlord a good right hook ways, Slupper But here h was, pounding on the door instead of the landlord A scratchy electric y voice, like those at the larger boxing aren amed that unappointmented queries may result in f 1 of the lease, and Paul argued with it €$ of cven termination momentarily about the appropriateness of his visit until he slipped the note under th « door. The rent envelope came on the 28th of ery month, and this one had contained in-

structions on how to contact the landlord stars for a lease review. Why the lease needed

reviewing was second among Paul's conportend cerns, which were dominated by the dra

” conian restrictions on his options for an appointment: “Anytim after 4pm on a business day before this month's rent is Ste in “Mr, ben Muhammad will see you now.” . d . Jue her son The suite was air-conditioned—a luxury even for such a fine aparument building The secretary directed Paul around the knowingly. corner to the landlord’s relaxation cham- dD ber. The conversation did not go well. Paul spoke, facing away from the landlord, who lounged in a f standing washbasin, smoking from a long meerschaum pipe whose smoke did a better job ke ping away the flies than the peacock plume he switched them with. Ben Muhammad sat quietly until Paul had exhausted his lexis in a blubbering plea that touched on the wedding, elderly parents, and the potential for injuries in his line of work. “Please have a seat in the foyer while I consider your case, Mer Stein.” Paul did as he was asked to, but he found himself scratching the extravagant gold leafwork from one of the dos-a-doss arms, The repetitive motion calmed him. “You will be billed for defacing the furniture. “ The secretary's voice itched over the loudspeaker. “This fiancée you mentioned; she lives with you here, docs she? In that case, we will have to relocate one of you ro the nearest vacant apartment until after the wedding, You will, of course continue to pay the increa ri sed rates, If you are unwilling to com: ply with the rules of this building, you are encouraged move into any of the other East C Jentral buildings, some of which retain indep sendent management. That will be all, Mr. Stein.” “Excuse me?
