scrolls off tables. the fla 4 ee y cyclic rhythms. On one cycle, he loo} _< with his hands as he alternated between PEE on and silence # {add d the two men. “Have youcrce heard ther ressed sinking S10 was tOPP** c silgames ould share motherhood?” th. a eh, who would splita baby in half so thar moe spine. ing ee re story of Solomon?” said ben Muham, ruining my ea up? The corners of Samson's mouth tumed gt began y began a dirty upw: ard and his eyes widened. “I told you each that joy would have sole power over this wom, I never rescind a promise.” = They “Don'c kill her, please,” said Paul Samson waited for the end of the chant, awoke reply. “Idiots, you think I would kl you

girl? You two can continue your fight ove lashed to- her as long as you like, forall it Matters tome

Killing isa sin.” gether and The rising flames drew Paul's eyes. He could see that they were hanging abovea burning suspended bush. “Lord God,” he screamed, “please help me!” over a dressed the bush by God’s ancient name. Rabbi Samson laughed. “Yahweh,” headsmokeless “What do you require of me, great Samson?” fire... “Give me the wealth of the oil baronand the strength of the boxer.” “Shall I cast their souls into hell?” towards an unre- “No,” he said even as his body was being reshaped, “end Muhammad. “It the golem doubly.” to suit my As he spoke, the fat seemed to melt from Rabbi Samson’ and snickered creature is te body, and his skin seemed to darken, become more you Jews, fleeing jumble of images, and he could see his own body from Paul had trouble focusing on the rabbi. The scene wat it to the cae the citi outside, writhing in exact complement to ben Muharnds eee He could see both bodies starting to dissolve into aw?’ three hundred smoke over the burning bush. Soon, the rabbis bodyst ck its distortion. Paul tried to move stiff limbs, but yf bidding ae ; the purpose f Eee clunky and he seemed undecided about which way © el Id rather hate for Samson and love for Holly, and hate re His emotions too were a jumble. They were still fille A eyes. nd he ap- “When I Muhammad, But there was self-loathing 4 wel I'll * ill be hu- Auhammad Was present inside him. the Muhammad, | , vabchs Partition the golem.” With the rabbis wor worth? Mil- dows eau of souls ended in pain. at le Cente! ingei of the me ch dcnatkingabounday tar kapeben aaa and Paul in the right, el himselfand fanned Enjoy your prison, children, I’m offto dabble ®
