Glenn reviewed the procedures quickly but with no real jnteres out. : cured to the upper left hand corner of the The cursor re +, He touched the ESC and his monitor dimmed | screen and About that Time I { blinked a luminous blue. arry awoke. “These night shifts are killing me, “Ifyou fi ” he yawned. feel that bad go take a doze in the oven.” “No I don't feel that bad,” he chuck- Nothing ed. Glenn took out a vitamin smoke, soaking the lasc one in his pack. Ignoring the $10,000 purchase coupon he tossed corpse the pack in the minizap. He lit the cigarette and inhaled perfectly deeply, getting a slight rush as the nutritious smoke filled his lungs. “Question.” “Shoot.” “What do you do if you can't find a part of the victim: his leg is missing or something, “Depends on the part,” Larry said. “The oven will take care of any external limbs: hands, feet, arms, legs, blah blah blah. That's all automated—didn’t they teach you this in tech school?” “No. Mutilations weren't very popular then.” “That shouldn't have mattered. You never know when the customers will change their tastes “True, but! didn’t write the training program. I just learned whar they taught me.” “Itwas like that when I went through,” Larry said. “Damn space-cases were running the school. We had this one instructor who was into asphyxiation jobs. Had us practicing artificial respiration and CPR. Talk about disgusting, Those techniques went out with radical surgery.” Glenn nodded. He'd heard the story before. “Okay, so the oven will take care of external limbs. Thar’ all in the B code right? What about internal organs?” “Internal organs are no different. Though you should doa brain sweep to erase the memory of the organ’s removal, according to customer recall preference of course. Some people like to remember everything so they feel like they've gotten their money's worth. After that the oven will take care everything else. If you don’t do the scan the customer could go into shock and die. Nota problem if you've gota signed waver, however. If that happens you'll have to start all over again. And you'll get a nice lecture on cost control from the
