rate.” The ra sbi tore down the curtains and cloaked his new “leaving the ap yartment through the still bo dy with thi open doorway Paul tried ¢ trol over his—the ‘o stand, but he had no con he said out of the right side of eft leg, “Damn it,” fou damned idiot. If it wasn't for your greed, Td his mouth. “Y {you'd have your ric hes.” He began punching the left side of his face, chipping greenws ave my wife and are knuckles and check. The left arm ‘ tried to do the same to the right side, and ‘hey struggled until both eyes cried in tearless despair. Eventually, the lefi side of the golem’s mouth said, “Stop it! stop its Mr. Stein. The left arm flung itself limply to its side, and the right continued to work at destroying them “Enjoy both, pounding deep cracks in the hand and wrist, neck and “| really do love her.” You don't know what love is,” 4 Paul. He took a breath and out the hand to his forehead, feeling dust and bits of clay slough off underneath his fingers. He pounded until his caly muscles ached, then the golem satsolemnly in front of the smokeless fire. “Help me. All | want is to hold my Holly again, even under these circumstances,” » said the right side of the Golem. “What can I do? Robbed of my body and rendered in clay, what good can I be?” asked the left. don't know. I can't think, I can'tdo anything; I can'teven cry,” said the right. “Can this god of yours help?” asked the left. Paul considered this for a moment. God w asn’t supposed to be part of his vocabulary. He was aman of the flesh aman of the fist “Of course,” Paul started to lean forward with the right side of the golem's body, and ben Muhammad followed his lead with the left. The fire rose at the movement. “Yahweh, help us. Give Holly her free will back.” “J have made a covenant to give each of you command over the git!’s will. I cannot breach that covenant.” “Then, please give us back our bodies.” antonce made, Only ‘As I said, I cannot contravene a coven Rabbi Samson can give you back your bodies. Perhaps I can help you in some other way.” “If you can't restore our souls, what can you do for “I must do whatever you command that is within power.” Then give this body the strength to overcome Rs
