«except for the tht jail kit. Th ne park was quiet xP hedistance. He glance? é °s ed al this watch. 3 co » monitor to rumbled in € utes , ) s, plenty of uP e for the secu felca little hould be there any! ninute. Ringo bout leaving his fe alone and ¢ Jead in the ; telling what kind of perverts wand ble about , _ caving, ered park. There was no d this time of nig Spee ee es eagel ‘That was part of the game “What though. Murderers don’t stick around aftera killing to make sure no one screws you do with the body: ; It had been a long chase and Ringo can t was tired and winded. She had led him on a wild chase clear through the wooded commons before he had been part able to tackle her on the bike path. He picked up his wife’s purse and found victim? that she had enough credits for him to buy a few drinks—drinks he sorely his leg needed. The game was beginning to bother him. He'd never really liked itat missing?” all. But Daisy insisted they play, and as always, Ringo did what Daisy wanted. He took the credits and the purse then walked slowly away into the darkness.

She was lovely, and she'd been strangled. Her skin was a cool ivory in the street lights. She lay crumpled on the pavement, the clinging satin dress flowing around the soft curves of her body. Her eyes, wide open and glazed, were bluer than the cursor of his monitor screen. A wide brimmed sun hat lay near her, a plastic daisy sewn to its side. Glenn opened the back of the van, pulled outa spirit bag and the portable compressor, He wrapped her in the ba: : sealed it, and attached the vacuum hose. Within seconds ie bag had shrunk to conform to every rise and fall of her body. mee as gliding down Salisbury Soon he had her in the van and w. liding i “Radio on,” Glenn said. giving us the latest news,” “Bob, ” came the announcers smooth y vice. “How about “Well,” said Bob, “It’s been an inter esting day. Some of the usual winners have lost and some o} f the usual losers have won. The Bullets really took a beating today, losing by sevengles. Charles Dandy lost his left hand during the first quarter of the play, but was back in the
