escript to than nk my father for understanding these concems. back in the envelope and add it to a pile of the letter the countertop. The cat squeaks and rolls into a ball The cherry of Fawn’s cigarette brightens as she inhales then plows patches of smoke lifting into the moonlight, She sits on herporeh rocking ina wicker chair, wearing my mother’s exotic flower dress. There used to be a pane of my mother wearing it on the mantle, In the picture she $s at a beach in Rio de Janeiro W ith my father, both of their faces bright and sun burnt. Far off a dog cries to be let back in a house, somewhere It’s quiet enough to hear its rattling chain. The suburbs at night are a vacuous place where simple sounds like a car door shut will tremble through the yards. It’s the quiet resolution of the moming bustle, beginning bright and clear and then fading into the cold pallor of dusk with all the TV’s flas! hing blue squares onto the glazed lawns. Fawn walks to the end of her driveway and flicks her cigarette in the street. I grab a moth and hold it to the lens ofmy flashlight and shine a monstrous Mothra silhouette onto her garage door. The moth flutters “Christ! its wings between the pinch of my fingers. It glides over the towering madman buildings of Tokyo shricking to wake Godzilla from its classical subterranean dreams. Fawn’s eyes widen in the light.

“Christ,” she says. She looks down at my mother’s dress she’s wearing. “I'm sorry. They didn’t sell and I just tried this one on and haven't taken it off yet.”

“It's okay. You should keep them if you like them,” I say.

“This one is pretty, don’t you think?” “Yes, it is,” I say and suddenly I’m standing in the doorway of my parents bedroom. I hear the running water my father shaving in the bathroom. My mother twirls in front ofa mirror. She tells me what a bargain it is. She asks me what I think. ; “Let's walk and smoke the rest of those cigarettes,” say.

Fawn and I laugh through the streets named after Some local council members we don’t know. Butit’s our world Now, The routines of the nine-to-fivers have cast somnolent by over the neighborhood and it’s peaceful, watching moths ne their heads against streetlamps, listening to the susurrus ter of hidden insects. the pi Fora while we feel like we're the only ones alive Planet, like that Twilight Zone episode, until two women
