reac’ | roll hing for the knife and landing on my side | gota hold of it, ed sideways into the water and came to a rest on my stomach holding the knife out in defense. The hog though, had not moved. It observed me cau Slowly it approached. | braced myself for the attack -autiously and seemed not to consider me a danger. put it never came. The pigs attention was diverted to the coin Jpich still lay on the rock where I had placed it. The pig w sci me the coin commanded its attention. It walked to the ig roc kand with its huge snout examined the gold.

I slipped further back into the water until just my x water soothed of my wounds. the cool ves and nose protruded above the surface. Even in my terror Suddenly the pig snatched the coin up in its mouth and with a jerk of its head, swallowed the sovereign. The effect was immediate. The animals grunts quie' attain an imperceptible luster. Brow and cyes relaxed and it ted, It shivered. Its main smoothed out and seemed to blinked oddly as if the light had become too bright. Then, strangely, it lay down on its side and began to wallow happily in the dirt. | was transfixed by the change in the beast. Eventually it regained its feet and calmly walked to the waters edge not more than a few feet from me. It eyed me as it drank put I could read nothing there. Its gaze was one of simple observation. It drank deeply then ambled some yards away and lay down where it simply went to sleep.

I wasted no time. Tucking the blade in my waist band and regaining the branch I had dropped I limped as quickly as possible away from the area. Even in its present lethargy | had no illusions about defeating the animal. I would make quick my escape and hope my wounds would heal. | wished fervently that I could somehow find my way back to the village.

The next moming I chanced to finda wild bunch of cabbages and another crop of berries. For the first time in weeks I was able to fill my stomach and was free of the gnawing hunger which had plagued me. The gash around my torso seemed to be healing and the swelling in my arm if not retreating seemed to have stopped. Thad regained a bit of feeling in my finger tips. My face was still swollen and my sides ached. I had a few loose teeth could wiggle with my tongue. But worse was the wound in my thigh. Ithad gone yellow and the puncture itself seemed not be healing atall. An infection was setting in and the area of the wound seemed to be spreading. I rested as much as I dared then resumed my movement hoping to get as much distance as possible between myself the creature.

I found the road the next aftemoon, I thought I heard Some squealing faintly through the night though I did not see any sign of the animal. To my joy I discovered wagon tracks
