19 of the glowing admiration of his peers before his or ag stops and they bury him in a mound of sacred dirt withing ver,” Bobby said. He looked off into the night for Martha the hove! roa ring lions of fear he had lived with. seid. “Js that true? I didn’t know that,” the mustachioed n said, unbuttoning his fly. His gut seeped like an avalanche over his = waistline and he burped some more, Light from a citronell: ‘a candle whipped across his bulbous nose. Deeder marched out the sliding door, clapped his done hairy hands together and rubbed them. A penlight clamped like astogie in the side of his mouth muffled his speech. “Ready, j Wallace? Man, this is something.” He sauntered off the patio i & into the darkness of his thick lawn and the beating rhythm of a crickets. Wallace stumbled behind him, spilling beer on his a jean shirt. Deeder’s excited voice echoed in the woods in front of them. “Bastard’s eaten half of my turnip crop, most of woman my beets,” Deeder said. People

Wallace’s heart started jumping. He watched Deeder knock off the lid of the trashcan. It was full of water dark as goose the Congo, and when Deeder flashed his penlight into the get murkiness of it, Wallace saw the faint traces of a steel object. Maybe it was a Z-2957 steel grate Deeder swiped from work, he thought. A wet strand of rope extended out of the depth and Deeder fished out a wire trap with a drowned ground hog eyes, inside, its mouth frozen open in its last struggle for oxygen. cut Its eyes had the vacant look of something stuffed. was

“You son of a bitch,” Deeder said. “I bet it has some of my turnips in its stomach. Want to check?” The

“Nah,” Wallace said, though he thought, “Christ, what kind of twisted shit, this man kills over beets and turnips.” biting

“They're not clever, these groundhogs,” Deeder said and twirled the trap on the rope. Water dripped from the soggy marmot and made tiny plops inioapeenns weet The fitful A c acloud of gnats swarmed and led the mob the patio under a lamp where stuck on the sweat of his sasabratmmiite — stockroom webbed lawn chair. Wallace : said his goodbyes, using his enclosed oe ee wife as an excuse for leaving, than everyone else and didn’t Deederv... even though he stayed later need an excuse. His heart Pounded against the bony bars of his rib cage and he placed his hand against it.
