are in balls beside them, His tie is loose around his neck. He looks at me and puts a finger to his lips to shush me, then waves me over. I stand over the box and my father looks wild, his eyes beady and intense. | watch his hairy knuckles, the wedding ring still on his finger, as he methodically lifts each box flap. Inside the box is a one-eyed Great Horned Owl. The socket of the missing eye has crusted blood and white puss in a mesh of pink and red. The owl stands stiff as the night before, though I can’t be sure it’s the same owl, Its plumage of brown and white tufts of feathers expands and contracts. We are silent in the hold of its single cye.

“I’m going to the animal hospital,” he says. “You're on your own for dinner.”

I watch my father load the box in the back seat of his Accord. He hurries into the driver's seat and speeds out of the driveway and disappears from my view at the window behind Walt’s massive poplar.

T eat a ham sandwich while I flip through the TV. Someone has found an easy way to clean gutters. Someone has found a perfect way to make an omelet. I find nothing so I steal a six-pack from my father’s Monday Night Football stock of Miller Light and decide to visit Stryper. It’s quiet in the gloaming of the neighborhood. All the busy bees are nesting, all the garage doors shut, and all the dinner plates stacked in the kitchen sink.

It’s nearly dark when I shuffle through the gravel driveway and up the planks of Stryper’s construction site, This time there isn’t any classical music playing.

Inside I find Stryper tied up in an uninstalled bathtub, his hands bound with copper wire, his eyes cut and swollen, his mouth taped shut. He’s wearing only a shabby pair of boxers. When I reach to pull the tape from his mouth, tires dig into the gravel. The house is lit with the headlights of four cars. I kneel down to Stryper and place my hand on the back of his head to support his neck. I shield my eyes from the light. I see dark figures stepping out of the cars. Some of them are carrying shotguns, They all seem to be wearing suits. Stryper doesn’t look forward, but into my eyes. His bangs are crusted with blood. The steps crunching in the gravel get closer, but the light . . . it’s penetrating. The shapes cast shadows over us, but I look off beyond them, squinting blindly into the white light, thinking this is a dream, that I°ll wake to the scent of fried bacon and my mother rummaging through cupboards in the kitchen,
