down asked for when she had called that afiernoon. We didn’t really “Why need chips or pimento loaf—hell we both hate pimentos—but wicked we had to maintain pretenses, Every phone in this goddamned

city was tapped, and my office phone was no exception. She more had called from our cell phone, which was pretty safe unless

someone was hacking the signal to listen in, to let me know the vodka Davises down the hall were planting bugs throughout the say? I apartment building. That's what pimento loaf meant. biggest I carried a bag of chips up to the counter. I knew the

clerk pretty well, since I'd been coming in here a couple times a week for the two years Evelyn and I had lived in our apartment. “How you doing today, Jack?”

“Not bad, John. I also need a deck of reds, a half pound of pimento loaf...oh, and a box of five-hundred watt light bulbs.”

“You got it, pal.” He scooped the pimento loaf into a small plastic tub, loaded the tub, the chips, and the cigarettes into a plastic sack, and punched a few keys on the register. “Seven seventy-five plus the bulbs.”

I handed him three twenties and said, “Keep the change.” I scooped up my bag and exited through the back door into the alley. As | walked up to the back door of my building I heard the telltale momentary hum of the power surge that would fry all of the delicate sensory equipment the Davises had installed earlier that day. You can get just about anything at the Snack-O-Mart these days if you know what to ask for. When I was a kid if you wanted to fry outa bunch of bugs you had to go buy a couple of car batteries, wire them together, and then use jumper cables to hook them up to the electric meter or the phone box or whatever, all without blowing yourself to kingdom come. Ah, the conveniences of modem living.

Evelyn already had a cold beer open for me when I entered our apartment. I kissed her and sat down at the formica bar that divided our kitchenette from the living room. The apartment wasn’t much, but the rent was cheap, the place was warm, the landlady, Ms. Lauder, hadn't tried to scam us or sell us out, and it provided a nice view of the city. “How was your day, baby?”

She went through the bag I brought home and tossed the pimento loaf in the trash then took out the cigarettes and lit one. “It was okay. I spent most of the morning tailing a highpillow from NetCom who was kicking it with some chippy jane whose wife did the math. I clipped some mugs, hand developed them, sent one set to a P.O. box and another ask set to his old lady. I’m supposed to meet with her next week was to arrange for the rest of the cabbage. When I came home this afternoon I caught the Davis girl doing the jigsaw on our door and I guessed that they'd been setting bugs around the building again. Sure enough, I went next door to Mrs. Morris’s place, and they'd tagged her phone and her bedroom while she was three out grocery shopping. | might say something to Ms. Lauder who about them if this happens again.” Evelyn finished with & and tight-lipped grin on her face, and I knew she wasn’t telling me wife something. I decided not to press it.
