the ruts the road, | Stay @ stupor the threat of ed On the toad from then on moving in Unconsciousness looming ever near. the earth, A a et hear the beast approach, rather I felt it in Idi strength left and Ree ust spewed up inthe distance. {had no the knee, My breads rm grown black and yellow down to low di in i ‘ Any overt exertion was tanbearable, to the pain in my ribeage. ye could do nothing but stand and wait for the animal 1 throwing dust and stones into the air. Somehow ithad found It came quickly into view, i , galloping up the road me. I pulled the knife from my waist band and placed its tip against my chest thinking I would fall upon it. A quick death might be preferable to what the beast would do.

_ Then the idea came to me and lowering the knife I reached into my pouch and pulled out one of the remaining coins. | held it at arms length in front of me.

Its effect on the creature was uncanny. The beast stopped a few yards away from me, mesmerized by the coin. Its stance was threatening and | felt it would attack at any moment. Its breath was heavy and coarse.

I tossed the coin toward it. No sooner had it landed on the road than the pig was on it and gobbling it up.

Again the effect was immediate. The coin sedated the pig. Its coat became softer its eyes less fierce. It rolled a few times in the road then trotted happily off into the woods. It began as a quiver in my stomach, then a painful shaking in my chest until finally it erupted in a great fit of laughter from my throat. | stumbled backward with the force of it and cackled uncontrollably in delirious humor. I had one coin left, Perhaps I could stave off one more attack. After that the price would be my life I was sure. My laughter moved the loose teeth in my jaw and I stumbled forward into the twilight, delirious, the taste of blood slowly filling my mouth, visions of home and family slowly filling my mind.

“It’s of no use,” came a soft and gentle voice. “The maggots will eat the infection,” the second voice was harsh and deep. a I “The leg must be removed.’ “Are you prepared to do that?” to There was silence. “Neither am I.” then, “Do you think it’s him?”

“Yes, it’s him.” : - : “lis face is so swollen it’s impossible to judge.” Theard all oe — through the murk of delirium ene! ‘The rumble of wheels and I could see floating in pig in the village square: It
