jo

could attack. an eternity, then in around towar ‘mooth motion brought its massive head That moment came slowly, It stood for what seemed A asi i ; j 1 ee 'd the rock where the coin lay. the opportiay sarc ae fe Net only because of the beast to take the coin, so because I did not want

My strength though had faded in my time in the

wild. My speed was impaired and my steps were sound to awkward. It was a feeble attempt. I felt no power in the arm which welded the wetness of knife and the pig detected me before I had closed the

distance between us. blood. As it turned I dove

toward it shouting. But it was fast and turned and aye crouched. My swing went wide and my wrist struck the bony ridge of its back. I lost grip of the knife and it clattered against the stones. Somehow I managed to grab a hold of the hair on the hogs back, But the beasts strength was unmanageable. It turned, dragging me across the rocky ground. It was ferocious. It kicked at me with its hind legs as it bucked and twisted.

Somehow I held on. I banged my knees against the stony ground as it flailed and dragged me around. Then, with a huge grunt and an incredible twist of its gigantic neck it caught me in the thigh with one of its tusks. I fell from the beast and sprawled on the rocks. The animal continued its frantic motion until realizing it had freed itself, Then it twirled and faced me, head down, mouth open, its breath hoarse and loud. I was on my knees, blood poured from the my thigh. My shins and ankles were cut and bruised, No sooner had 1 got a foot under me then the thing charged. The hog came barreling towards me. Its head alone was nearly the size of my torso. The pig reached full speed in just a few steps A ing the muscles of its j “could not regain my balance as my leg had gone numb, It charged me its eyes glaring the back bunched in knots across its ive full power to its gleaming aed Se teppenachods Lyaanponkagaand Wak tame for the speed of the animal. I could do ing up my arms in defense.
