sunlight sparkles in the tiny granules. The lawn is freshi and the sidewalk swept clean of its trimmings. A soxintie er hisses like a machine gun and I watch as Part of the side darkens from the drops of water. I swat away a bee, bakin garage, the toddler struggles for Tigger under the ch hos atting women.

A man in khakis and a button up oxford is shieldin his cyes, looking into the front window of my house. He has an unsealed envelope in one hand. Crabgrass brushes against his ankles, He leaves an impression of his hand on the dirt window, :

“Something you're looking for?” I say and swallow a big gulp of tea.

“Shit. You scared me. Is your father home?” He fans himself with the envelope.

“Did you ring the doorbell?”

“Yes, but...” “He must not be home then.” at me with “I’m Evan Luci.” He Pauses, maybe expecting recognition, like some then he jaded newscaster at the

county fair, “President of the street the Civic Association. Look, we've got a

problem here,” he looks nods like around at the yard and whistles. “See that your father gets this. My joke they’re phone number is on there should he have any questions.” on... My father is slouched in his chair, mouth agape, glasses crooked and dangling from his ear. John Madden scribbles mad play patterns across the television. A smattering of melted ice wells up at the bottom of his drink, The fat Sunday paper lies refolded on the floor next to him, a corner of a Kroger ad jutting out. My mother’s cat, a charcoal long hair, sleeps upside down with its legs up in the air in her chair next to him. | noisily crush my plastic cup in hope of waking him but his heavy breathing maintains rhythm and the cat opens her eyes and closes them. of In the envelope is a letter of notification giving my a father a thirty-day warning to make his house a According to Luci, there have been a number of complaints all a regarding the house asan “eyesore” and claiming itto devalys a adjoining properties. If the house is not made pools thirty days, a lawn company and painting company hired at my father’s expense. Being part ofa community wiel’s in a responsibility to keep ne resPeae' polte enough in se s8s, appear a that will ensure top market value,
