parentless children anyway. The other loc, difficult to avoid. The boys were testing their p, from the deep, and the local girls formed iitts vane cae staircase. derinin down the stairease, breaking up and coalescing o random wanderings of a herd of loose Boats. She ha Poke iad Seen jt year after year, every time dawn came and Eve I for the Test of the Eye, where the children beta Hee Now, it was her turn and she wandered al ar One.

She traversed the paths and corridors of the vil} : lage, completing a huge, meandering circuit. Everywhere the: people. Returning to the village center, she » there Were ie heard a woman’s voice call out, “Oolee. Oolooloooleee...”

A woman she recognized pecked out Over a wall across the street from her father’s old house. . i: »y te “Oolee, you' going to come of age so nicely. You must’ve worked hard o ard on that outfit. Why aren’t you joining the processions?”

“I don’t really have anybody to go with.” The woman pursed her lips and nodded, seeming to understand. Oolee had passed this place hundreds ores the woman lived there as long as she could remember, since before her father went away—yet this was the first Gare she had spoken more that five words to her.

“Maybe we can help cach other. If you were to take over my stand for a while, I could get more pickling spice and you could have a chance to show off to the boys from the deep villages. We’ ve had such a busy day, even for Celebration time, you know. I just have to run up the stair a couple of landings for more catgut.” The woman smiled warmly, “I trust you know the value of goatskin footings?”

oie

Time sped and Oolee had only made one trade-two pots of pickled mushrooms for a pair of footings-before the woman returned. Oolee continued bartering while the woman sewed pitch between multiple layers of leather to form resilient soles. Patrons came in waves, charmed to do business with a local girl. They were surprised by Oolee’s sense of duty, choosing to stay here and help out her mother while the other girls flaunted their own wares before jeering adolescent boys. “Are you already betrothed?” asked one older gentleman before hinting that his son would do good to find such an independent woman. She smiled inwardly, The thought of leaving the village with a boy from the deep appealed to her more than she would have expected. Coming of age was full of surprises. Maybe, just maybe...she thought. Regardless of the outcome of the day, it was glorious to be spared the perpetual taunting she had endured all her life.

One of the local boys led a group of children, mostly girls, down the little street, playing tour guide, “Here we have my own home.” It was the tall mud-flinging boy. “This is one of the best stands in Goatwood village. Better than anything you'll find at the bazaar proper.”
