When daylight finally filtered through the tree tops. dragged myself on my stomach through the w. my way back to the edge of the leaitng: I did sire ples My knife also was not visible. But there in the exact thes place where I had placed it lay the gold coin. I knew there was no chance | would be able to defeat the beast, Without strength weapons my situation was hopeless.

The pig was nowhere in sight and I was terrified. Somehow I forced myself to crawl around the perimeter of the clearing dragging my leg and favoring my good arm. My head swooned with pain and waves of nausea came and went. | thought I might at least regain my knife and have some protection. | made my way to the edge the thicket and forced myself to a sit up.

Then I heard movement from behind me. The pig was moving toward me. Suddenly the creature burst from the underbrush behind me proceeded to trample me. Its toed feet stomped up my back and shoulders. I screamed and shouted for all | was worth.

The pig retreated back into the bush and I heard it move off until there was only silence.

The right side of my face began to swell. My breath was laborious and with each inhalation I felt sharp pains in my side. Then I saw the handle of the knife jutting out of the rock near the edge of the water. I had no doubt the beast would kill me inits next attack. I knew there was no escape inmy present condition and the knife was my one and best chance of possibly staving off the inevitable. And if another attack occurred I could at least retreat into the water.

I found a stout branch and struggled to my feet. | limped weakly toward the knife. The distance seemed interminably long. Each sound I made terrified me as | it would bring the hog back. No sooner had I come within feet of the knife than the pig came crashing out of the bush. It eapt from the thicket and landed solidly on its stout legs. It issued an ear piercing squeal. It main was stood on end and its ears swiveled independently, Its huge nostrils tasted the ait. L fell forward
