of “The tiniest little hint that we're dg OWN here you'll be the doom of the whole village, Our G, god. You go and study now.” isa faions $ The cat skinked near the fissure entrance, aya. the smoke. Oolee picked it up and dropped jt Hei descended the stairs, with no intent of studying, leases and found a corner of the goat pens where she could Sitar Nd Ponder » She

+e heaving ribcage. The goats’ fur was soft, unlike anyth; Oolce faded in and out of sleep, resting on a Ranny goar's she'd known in her life. Moss was Soft, rk scratchy, and even the robes weaved Of goat fur ae scratchy and lacked the sheen of the goats” ois The only thing that reminded her of the goat hair was her father’s furry head, Her own hair was so thin and short that she couldn't run her . fingers through it. She remembered Playing with her father’s hair while he slept. She dug her fingers in the goat’s fur and missed the strong arms of her father, of which the goats were no simula,

+ * + od Oolee was roused by a noisy crowd. Ske pulled herself up to look over the fence, Goatwood was awash with people from the deep villages, They bantered with the locals, and traded their tools and food for goat products and other local specialties. The bartering was vigorous, but girl. benevolent masters, and the Goatwood villagers seemed to polite, Deep villagers seemed to treat those of Goatwood like fur. take it for granted. Maybe it would have been reversed if it was the high villagers who descended into the depth of the earth for all the major celebrations, or maybe it was just their Proximity to the light of God that gave them a special relevance.

Children were frocked in festive tunics that draped the ground, some made of pelts, others decorative parchment. have clothing was hanging in the priest’s alcove. The priest was Oolee raced for the village center, where her own celebratory you out, so Oolee pulled them off their hook and donned them on her own. The outfit was light and delicate; she hhad worked with the pale brown parchment for months, embossing itwith did gold and green, sometimes getting patches stuck to her fingers by the seaming pitch and having to start again, The tunic hod that a high neck, long sleeves and its bottom brushed her foot tops. God the goat fur trim tickling, On her head, she carefully placed headdress made from woven strips of fine cat leather,| her into loops that traced Oolee’s forehead, neck, and at costume left no hair exposed. 7 the In opulence, Oolee walked the a newcomers, finding it easy to avoid the gaze of I were engaged in transactions, too busy «
