Seemed the whole sun C1 ie wa n, under the hole in ite ptr Upon her now, She was in the Village “Look.” ing, she cried, “Look, The light." Though people “ing in the light, under the vision of the ding Her shouts w ae dy seen seemed ress ere drowned by a chant of, “Kill her, kill confused yes. She just sneered. looked at Oolee with An adult hefted x the axe and |

“Stop.” Wines bd Priest cleared a path to Oolee. He grabbed her T , wei cis her gown from her, “You have never become disc ds , Oolee. You may not wear +. hever be an adult, Ook costume of adulthood.” With nowhere else to throw it, he Sent the tunic sailing to the crowd. Oolee stood naked. Sees Punished. But-we will not kill her. “Oolee must be Heretics will suffer the wrath of the Angry God. aa The priest lifted Oolee up by the arm, and others Joined, pushing her body through the jagged hole she pummeled. Her hair was pulled, her skin scraped, but the pain was only a mild distraction from the overpowering sunlight that surrounded her, Oolce’s eyes bumed. The noise of the crowd pinched-out almost instantly. She felt her body fall and aa hard soil, She felt heat on her back like a gigantic warm ind. ; Oolee only remained splayed out on the ground for an instant. Then, she stood and staggered ahead. The ground -19was covered with sharp things that poked into her tough calluses. Through squinted eyes, she scanned the washed-out greens and blues of an Upland world as beautiful as she never could have imagined.

A dusty incline sloped down to leafy greenery. There were wide, regular paths that seemed to be made of pitch, crisscrossed in cracks, bearing little plants here and there, The light was hot, but there was what looked to be water down below. As she walked on the jagged pediment, her skin began to prickle. Her hairs stood on end.

There were houses that looked like they’d been empty for eternity, clustered around a large, ovoid pool of water. It was so very hot, and little beads of moisture appeared. on her brow. Her skin was crying. She had never experienced anything like it. Where was her father?-her mother? Oolee scratched her shoulders, and where she scratched, it burned.

‘As she hiked downhill, her skin began to bum more and more. It became nettlesome, annoying. Soon, it became a = fire all over her back. She hiked, weeping towards the houses, but distances were decieving out here. She couldn’t tell how far was left to go. There was no shade between herself and the pond. Her skin seared with pain, She could hardly breath, hardly walk. She reached up and touched the crown of her head. It was blistered, So was the back of her neck. Maybe she could go back, ask for forgiveness from the villagers. She turned around to see how far it was back. She a had come a long way, maybe as long as The excel SMA Gal
