So my second night of freedom began with a feast. | until just the watched the stars, listened to the whispers of the world and through with feasted on pork, fresh water, and berries. a foul stench. / + of trees and But the feast did not last. Though I wrapped it and

cured it as I had read eventually the meat became too spoiled was brittle to stomach. ‘ and lay it in I had spent hours and hours reading about survival the stand of at the village library. But the fact and the information were ternitory and worlds apart. My own filth became unbearable. The excitement Perhaps twenty which had sustained me flagged anda constant fatigue set in. come after me. I took to rationing my water and in silent moments of hunger pig thought. I noted the sounds of the world. The birds sang into the night. | nursed it In the distance I heard squealing which could only have come I had a from some wild herd of pigs. The wind was slight and moved of the bag. the trees as gently as my mothers hand use to stroke my brow. wide open and gray out of its Then it was nothing but berries and bark. I could find no fruit bag. I lay it on or roots my stomach could handle. Eventually hunger drove I had studied. me to find my way back to the village, but | had wandered too

far and was hopelessly lost. through the Survival was more difficult than I had imagined. The directness and nights grew cold. And days passed with no rain. I extended or die, I felt my foraging in hopes of finding a steady source of water. to the side One day, I heard a squeal in the distance and though my : ’ carefully and strength was fading I chose to seek it out.

The traveling was difficult. At one point I caught a 1 dug another glimpse of a wild pig in the distance and increased my pace the bag setting hoping the animal might lead me to water. 1 followed till 1 When I came could walk no more then fell unconscious to the ground. to open the 1 woke to the hot stench of breathing on my face. bag. A burst of Above me, snout wet, tusks protruding from the corners of its I slit it wide mouth, stood a hog so large as to be nearly the size of myself. inside were Coarse hair grew ina ratty main down the center of its back. I them off on held perfectly still. This pig looked dangerous. It continued to

sniff at me with its moist snout. Its breath steamed in the cool morning air. Its head bobbed a few times as if it were nodding After getting my to itself, then it turned and disappeared into the bush. I to the pig, | scramble to my feet as quickly as my strength allowed and

placing my hand on my knife went after of the creature. self contained. This time it was easy to follow. It was large and left Nature created a clear trail through the bush. and flowers For nearly two days I tracked the beast exhausting paradise. my store of water. Then finally the wood broke and the pig Food clothing stopped in the center of a large field. I stayed near the trees filled it here and and observed the animal.

It stood a few hundred yards ahead of me snout raised, its side facing me. For a few seconds I gazed upon the myself madly animal. This was no ordinary money pig. This hog was “1° a few weeks It stood more nobly than even the bronze statue in town There should be square. This pig seemed the paradigm of pigness read about a | resolved to kill the beast.
