urned and ran back to r ol he stairs, She didn't Oolee mejowing, and didn’t wait to find out, Back she found the priest studying in exactly *d been when she left with her slate and body filled most of the little hall. With that completely engulfed his manhood, mistaken fora female. He spent most of his enter and the temple, writing and reading won't let me go to sleep.” “Oolee, calm.” The priest wrinkled his brow in an xpression a?” of deep concern, then he said, “are you trying to re with the goats aga ue ; “Yes, but they threw mud at me.

“Now, it’s okay. I told them to make sure you were going to join the other children for sleep: They were doing my cae “Why did you tell them to make fun of me?” The priest chuckled. “I didn’t tell them anything of the sort. I think those two just take their duties too seriously Now, go off to the sleep chambers and rest with everybody else.” “They'll make fun of me-my fur.” Oolee subconsch ously stroked the soft hair on her arms. “Now, just because you're different doesn’t mean they're better than you.”

“Tell that to them.” “Why don’t you tell them that long ago, everybody had fur-even on their heads. Even more than your father.”

“They won't believe me.” “Qolee. Do as I say. You know that it's okay. Your hairis yours. Youare fine, You are yourself, that’s all anybody can ask you to be. Do as I say, and go sleep.”

Oolee knew obstinacy was an impiety. She bit her lip, trying not to cry. She was nearing the coming of age. It wouldn't do to show such emotion in front of the priest. To do so would be to risk being left out of the upcoming ceremony.

Oolee woke amid a writhing mat of humanity. The bald children slid over one another like worms. Her wispy hairs stuck to her skin. An elbow poked her cheek. Her leg was asleep under another child’s. All the children slept in the alleyways surrounding the village center. She felt out of | place. Even more so than when she helped in the shearing and butchering, or when she sat among them hairless children in the schoolroom. Their skin was so different from her own. It Was so beautifully pale and smooth while hers was speckled and brown, disgustingly marred by ugly fur.

Slowly, she pulled herself out from the wakerife masses. Some of the children were just getting up too, Others,
