igh not large a 1 dis t all compared to the puitding in the Ne Oe village Was pad Sil, i mre whole cavern 1° <« that nothing in the rough-hew a could. Its ee Seed wooden roof topped the w hole thing, 7 feeling ot ee ides bent into strangely curvaceous a 8. A seemingly d part of the entryway too. : chapel aye she had was simple, dreary, and relaxing. frthe narthex and found the pickaxe stad one of the man, d ucked into a room OF y beams that held up the wooden roof. The walls Jeaning on here were made ofrich brown soil. The chamber had been cut oul t of the soil in just the last few years, Oolee of the sources for peat, which the villagers mixed with goat fat knew, It was one fat for fuel. She lelled the axe and began chopping, making brie ks just big enough for her to lift three at ci As she was cutting, she heard the mewing of the kitten coming from the chapel. She leaned her weight against ie chamber’s heavy door to let her pet—maybe her only iend—in. She sat down with the cat and pet its 7 its hairless skin. <a felt loose, unlike the taut skin of the children. She let it down and continued chopping. The cat crouched and leapt up toa rafter, where it remained while Oolee worked.

ie) le Oolee floated through the chapel, woozy, head filled with peat smoke. She felt old, like the logs of the stair, binding fast with the earth. From the top of the chapel—a vantage only dreams could secure—she could see all the villagers from Goatwood and the deep, gathered for the Coming of Dawn ceremony. She dusted cobwebs from her hair, noticing a crack in the ceiling through which an ugly grayish light shone. She pushed away from the domed vault, gliding slowly at first towards the parishioners. The small children in front of the altar noticed her first. They laughed at the falling girl carelessly, like nobody should laugh at anybody. Then the elders looked up, their eyes fettered by pasty cataracts. They stared unsecing—or maybe noticing the crack in the roof. Panic set in among the crowd and in Oolee’s chest. She gained speed, careening. The pews offered up jagged comers, decorated with pinnacles and wooden roses.

Oolee flailed at the air, trying to grab handfuls of smoke, falling but trying to tear her way back to the glossy, redceiling, The air seemed to thin, like an overstretched safe! ty net nipping underneath her, She grabbed the skin of her chest, She tried to brace a body that knew it was going to break.

Her dreams suddenly burst around her, giving way to awareness and discomfort—not fear and violent death, apt aching, cramped discomfort. Oolee’s foot scraped along miei Picking up little globs of tar. She rubbed the fur les of her brow, She gasped a quick ; quick yawn, shook h head. The air had the familiar peaty must ic
