Stretching, twisting, she leaned back and let her limbs da loose in cool air, ~ANBle with her, The kitten normally gave her company wh, Oolee looked around to see if her kitte, ” Was stil kept her away from the other villagers. Aftera time, aheroht, and dropped to the floor. Her feet impacted with g col joists towered overhead, butressing the all-important oe The wear-polished boards felt like skin. The major ot Nor roof. The cat was aes Re She wondered how long she'd slept. 2 when cutting bricks for fuel became exceptionally ber would sneak such a nap, knowing the priest rarely aw check on her. She felt rested and calm despite ite i because of—the nightmare. yy

She put her weight on the door. A warm draft her straining calves. She swung the door open and g a the streaming light.

“Father.” She threw her body away from the door, trying to hide herself. “Mercy, mercy, mercy,” whis Oolce helplessly. “Help me,” she shouted, “I'm in the storeroom.”

The door swung shut again, but shafts of buming light still pierced the shade. It was hinged halfway up its length, designed to act as a slide for the bricks of fuel Peat, so even though it was barely ajar it was traced, top and bottom, in the horrible light of Heaven.

“Oolee?” Knocking came from below the floor, “Priest, it’s the day.” “I know, dear. You shouldn't be in the storeroom now. You fell asleep in there again.” Oolee was surprised the priest had known before and not spoken of it. She didn’t answer. “There’s no way out of the storeroom but through the narthex.”

“Can you sce the face of God?” asked the priest. “No. But, He’s here.” “Is there something you could cover with?” “No.” “There must be something. If not, then the day will simply have to be countenanced until God’s sight dims.” “Lcan’t. The light is all over.” The floor was specked _ with brightness, Oolee was afraid that it might even be shining on her body. The thought made her quiver.

“Strength, Oooloooolooooooleeeecece,” he sung her name like Calm yourself and strength will bring you throu

out, occluding a large light on my body.”
