Ee

she Fawn gasps. Behind the house, a wooded area is full

of chirping insects and an owl hoots. to “Hoo-hoo-ha-hooah,” Stryper hoots. He hushes us, holds up a hand for us to listen, and then hots again. The ow! the is silent. the “Hoo-hoo-ha-hooah,” I hoot. Nothing. | “Give it a try, honey. Let’s hear your owl call,” in Stryper says. She backs away from him and retreats behind me. soft, “Come on, Fawn, let’s hear it,” I say,

“Hoo-hoo-ha-hooah,” Fawn hoots, her voice tremulous.

The owl hoots back. “See, it likes your sweet voice,” says Stryper. He stares into the dark woods, pensively picking at his teeth with his fingernail. “This place is dangerous. Anyone shoot pool?” I Against Fawn’s judgment and extensive imploring, the we go to Dutch’s, a former V.F.W. which draws a menial crowd out of drunks, but the pool is only fifty cents a game and the

woman in the push up bra at the bar isn’t unfriendly with the Jack Daniel’s. I expect Fawn to be hesitant. She’s the type of person that needs to be pushed off the high dive at the swimming pool, but soon after the section of concrete between the diving well’s steel ladder and the ladder of the diving board is drenched with her incessant diving. She needs \ excitement and doesn’t have the means to bring it about herself. Despite all of her fear, I'll show her a good time. Deep down, that’s why she’s been my friend since childhood, but she wouldn’t admit it. She'd have some other way to describe it. . There are deer heads hanging over the bar and I wonder if Richard Hugo fattened his liver here, if 1 this was the Milltown Bar. They have a great old fashioned tools juke trimmed with neon lights and I’m inclined to throw ten

dollars in it on the entire Johnny Cash Live at Folsom Prison, plus some Willy. There are a few stragglers, all of them like lose sleeping dogs, they raise their heads at the first unfamiliar fitof sound and stare until they feel reassured. The barkeep, Lona,

pours me a tall Jack and Coke anda Long Island Iced Tea for Fawn. She eyes Stryper while she sprays Coke from a hose:

“God damnit, Joe,” she says. “The shit is real deep this time,” She’s about to cry. girl, Stryper and Lona step inside a walk in cooler. Even inside there, I can hear muffled expletives and heavy sobs. Fawn loo! ks at me and | shrug and pull off the double straws until I feel it bum, I’m ready to dull my senses. When the stiff cooler door opens, Lona steps out first and * wena smeared eye shadow with a doily or some fancy to quite Stryper’s eyes are gla tabi ssy and he sniffs and begin, wate toward us, but Lona seizes him oh ne pea the only Re h a just shouts, “Drinks are on the house. ones real enthused by this, though. The Lag
