Hunger prompted this resolve. But hatred sustained , This new beast. mocked me. It insulted my t considered values. Here, after sacrificing everything, stood a session of my nemesis W hich was completely unaffected by ss earlier actions. I slid my fingers into my pouch and rubbed the three gold coins as a plan took shape.

| watched the animal a day and a night. It led me to asmall watering hole where upon night fall I refilled my water ~ Hiding myself near the water laid one of the coins on a stone near the bank.

[had no idea how a pig became a money pig. I guess [had always assumed they were just bred as such. It occurred to me that this pig might not find the bait enticing. I put my faith in the novelty of the coin in this setting. I only attention long enough for needed it to attract the pigs There is no me to attack.

It took time, the dark much longer then | had anticipated. I was able to observe the beast from a spilled distance. This pig fed mostly on the vegetation of the clearing. I saw here and there the bones of some small rodent it had evidently found and gnawed upon.

It slept much and occasionally for some unknown reason would charge back and forth across the field shaking its head, glorifying in its own being. It would wallow in the mud of the tiny pond then wash itself in the water. Try as I might though | could not decipher any routine which would aid me in bringing down the animal.

Its movements seemed sporadic and arbitrary. Only its frequent visits to the water gave any regularity to its actions.

The gold coin sat untouched on the stone after two days. I managed to eat some berries | found near the edge of the wood but I was getting weak and I feared I would not have the strength to kill the sturdy hog.

__ Then, my luck changed. The hog came within feet of the coin. It approached cautiously, sniffing the air and stomping the ground a bit with its forefect. It seemed excited. Once the pig ran by at full speed and in an odd move stuck its Shout out toward the coin, twisting its body as it trotted by. It early stumbled in the move, but | was now certain it had taken notice of the coin. * weeci ti myself as completely as I could and waited for eae Sripped the knife tightly in my fist and knew that Geol ve only one chance to strike the creature. If I missed escape,
