The impact knocked the air out of me, lifted me off areening backwards into the water I the ground and sent me © : [landed with my head under water. I gasped for air : a nas k drew ii nothing but water. A wrenching convulsion tool eed a er even as the hog charged again. ath It entered the water at full speed producing a huge coughed up wat f or i ntarily blinded me. This time the water ee beak ind I manga to escape its impact. I flailed wildly for the far bank. Though the water was not deep it was sufficient to make swimming necessary for the pig and in the time it took for it to get its footing I managed to stumble out of the water and cross the short distance back into the trees. [quitas I could Ipulled myself up into one.

The pig broke from the water and shook itself ferociously. Then it charged toward the trees stopping short just at the edge of the clearing. It looked directly at me then but did not enter the wood. Instead it trotted back and forth at the tree line snorting and squealing.

Thus it went for some time. I inspected my wounds. My thigh was deeply punctured. I applied pressure and was able to staunch the flow of blood but the leg was useless. It was numb up into the side of my body. In addition I had a long gash from my left kidney up across my ribs and just passed my sternum.

I jammed a fist into the crux of a limb to steady myself and passed out.

The fall woke me, I came to sprawled on my back in a bed of thistles, With great care and pain I extracted myself from the thicket and crawled back further into the bush. My thigh was a mass of bruised and swollen flesh. My left arm was immobile and feeling it with my other hand I found my shoulder dislocated. The pain in my leg overwhelmed all my senses. I jammed its wrist in-between two tree limbs and with cane pulled my shoulder back into its socket Again I passed

, When I woke it was pitch black. I could hear branches breaking and the hog snorting. It seemed to be circling around me. I did not move but lay as still as death.
