of me. | looked at her form ly ing her hips up to her bre of hee Pek hd ie with my eyes, and saw the shadow in our bed, traced the curve of tess Bead ae dim lighting, Evelyn and [have been she was just setae 8. The first six months of our relationship employer. This wor ing me for information to sell to her who was also sleepin Rebeecas was trying to use Evelyn, Library at the jE i les the assistant director of the Public Information. She . 2 Arey me from getting the promotion to the job. Well it goo “ also one of the possible candidates for than money, even pe show you that love is more important seabed enone IS City, cause we fell in love and she told Setup, She provided me with info I needed to get Our assistant dir Promotion to Information th: flys = a ‘ector shitcanned, a z , and the director gave me tl up Rebecca's sources a hens: ane facts, she quit shortly and contacts, and shi anks to her. | prom: ae Slat Evelyn and I have been together ever since. I figure she probably sells me out left and right, as long as its nothing $ snous . information about her jobs more than once to a contact or two el cnough to get me killed. I have to admit I’ve traded a mine. We love and trust each other, and both understand that the lack of confidentiality just comes with the way of life. cat imov ed silently through our apartment, gathering a ew things and thinking again about that tight-lipped smile she gave me earlier. I stopped in the spare bedroom that we shared as an office. A pair of envelopes lay on the desk. One envelope was white, business size, and had the address of Evelyn's doctor on it. The other was a large manilla envelope. Laying ‘on top was a black and white photograph of a man in a suit -4lholding a young gitl’s hand. They were standing in front of a sleazy-looking motel. Something struck me odd about the picture, and | held it up to inspect it. Behind me I heard Evelyn stir. I didn’t want her to catch me snooping, so I shut out the lights and left the apartment

The April evening air was warm so I decided to walk the six blocks to O’Mally’s. | tumed down a couple of streets and sidestepped into an alley to make sure no one was tailing me. Not that it mattered so much, anybody who knew me at all knew I was a regular at O’Mally’s dive. The front door was standing open and cigarette smoked was rolling out, accompanied by the rollicking horns of an old jazz standard. Two young couples were drinking beers and employing the pool tables near the door. Old O'Mally himself was running the bar, half a dozen locals were sitting around it, One guy I recognized as a small time fence, another guy was a shadow, and Ruth traded in information, like myself. She'd been doing it since she was a teenager, back in the thirties and forties, had worked with my dad in the sixties and seventies, and was mostly blind now, but she noticed me come in and simply aa There were a few people at the tables. A fat shadow .d her head. = in the comer I knew to be Ronny sat alone, ering a maaan: I went up to the bar, O’Mally was already filling Le ba 1 carried it over to Ronny’s table and sat down. is pla deaf?” I asked.
