enough for you to be born. Now you defy me just like your father did.” ;

Oolce faultered, tears wetting her eyes. It can? be prue, she thought.

“Your mother died right out there, under the eye of the Angry God. Right where the children of a dozen pious mothers are becoming adults as we speak. Go to the surface you like. Or better, stand in the light of God for all to see. Set an example for any other would-be heretics. Do what you want. [am done with you. And I have a ceremony to perform.”

He pulleda robe over his head and left her, pushing his pompous way through the crowd and leaving the door to swing shut with a slam. Oolee collapsed against the peat bricks, still ajumble from when she dug for the wet and tattered robe, The hairless kitten mewed at her, rubbing its face against her side. She swatted it away. She had to will herself not to throw the poor thing across the room.

Oolee looked up, as if to address God. /t was nor true. The priest was a liar, she told herself. She knew it wasn't true. The light of God would kill nobody. She'd seen that for herself. She wished she could sce that light through the ceiling now. Through flowing tears, she saw that the draperies that shielded the storeroom from the light were connected through high-up holes in the wall to those that shielded the chapel. She swung herself up onto the main joist, thinking she might be able to reach the ties, but only failed in this, too. Though it thrust diagonally, impaling the wall, the joist was too steep to climb. Maybe the axe? No, the axe wouldn’t be Jong enough. Still, she lowered herself to the ground and picked up the axe. Its sharp head would crush the priest’s bald skull if he came in here to execute a heresy sentence upon her. She hefted it and took some swings at the air. She jumped, swinging at the curtain ties. She wanted to bring the draperies down; to show everyone the Light of the Angry God was nothing to fear, to expose the stupidity to everybody; especially God.

Most of all though, she wanted to escape. With a wild yell, Oolee smashed a hole in the low end of the ceiling. A tiny ray of light entered the dark room, She swung hard, enlarging the hole first to the size of a fist, then to a gaping maw.

The door swung open with a screach, letting more light pour in, bringing with it more people. They surrounded her, but stood by, stupefied. Oolee had enlarged the hole wide enough to craw! through. She would escape. She would go into the arms of the Angry God. She would show the village, she thought. Oolee huffed and took a swing at the main joist. j “There’s nothing to fear,” she said to those near enough to hear her quiet voice. Two or three swings later and she would bring the whole roof down on them.

“Kill the goat girl!” shouted a child’s voice. The crowd pressed forward, throwing her to the floor. She flailed the axe at random, but didn’t have enough foom to swing. Then, somebody pulled it from her hands. It
