as if somehow they were less deserving than other families spose pigs were producing goodies left and right

1 came to hate the pig slowly, over time, One thing particularly annoyed me. At feeding, as it chewed the families wealth, it would stare blankly at me, a gaze so vacuous and bland it seemed almost blind. It gazed upon me with terrible pink eyes and the superiority of a king, as if waiting for me to supplicate myself before it, as if it were divining my hearts desires and were snatching them and giving them to itself to delve out at its own whim or fancy. There was no definitive the moment when my hatred began but there was a moment of decision. It was the day mother made me feed the pig and ask for its forgiveness. Oh, the pig was our confessor also. Of course you had to pay for the privilege.

I carned three gold coins that day helping Mr. Toby, the blacksmith, shovel dirt into the back of his wagon, It was hard work and at the end of the day I paused on the way home to buy a snack and something to drink. I lingered too long and was late getting home. Mother was furious. The pig needed attention. It was duc a wash and its linens needed changed When I explained to her that | had earned three gold pieces she demanded I feed them to the pig and ask for its pardon.

I laid the gold in my palm and let the pig eat them one by onc. When it had finished it turned promptly as dismissing me and farted a most noxious stench. Then it waddled back to its silk pillows and rolled over on its back..

It was then the hatred burned in me like a white ember from Mr. Toby’s hearth.

It took months of planning and study, but finally the time came. I was nearly a man I had not been given affirmation by the family. But I would affirm it myself. And as the sun set and the nights grew late I meditated on what would do and how I would do it.

On that night I pulled a butcher knife from the drawer and tested its edge. I took g a moment to sharpen it against grinding stone on the counter. A cold rod of purpose slid my spine. Long ago they use to castrate the things so they would fatten up before the slaughter. 1 think I would have enjoyed that. As it was, I would just have to be satisfied with the slaughter alone. And that is what I was determined would be.

Really there was nothing the pig could produce which we ourselves could not. Convenience perhaps. Feed it achunk ofcash and rub its belly a bit and hopefully it would produce. Good things would come to you. But we worked to feed pig. In the end we were feeding it our freedom and humanity, our professional choices, our emotional stability and physical well being. The pig gave us everything and inexchange it took our souls.

But no more.
