La i was soaked alked thre pugh the night break of day qwn sweat creating The sack | carried . blood and had gaixed ee deep in a stand at dawn I found a hi e quickly. sleep came (0 Feidain ae afternoon. My clothing ie utcher knife with dev hae Spee perimeter of rees and saw no sign O . fanyone. I was in strange how far I had traveled. ‘si only a vague idea of = It didn’t matter. They would not miles oF a be busy finding and training a new They wou! ad as I could and started a fire. I dug a hole as deep there would be little smoke. Eventually racer coe Only then did I take the pig out It was red with blood. Its eyes were turned upwards. Its tongue hung thick and mouth, Its guts had nearly fallen out into the the grass and proceeded to clean it in the manner

Acheerfulness came over me. In cutting pig fl esh I found an inner calm, a methodical se I had never felt before. At this point, live like I had attained real power.

I pulled the entrails out and put them then rolled the carcass into the pit. I covered it left it to cook.

Then | turned my attention to its guts. pit and began stuffing the entrails back into aside any portions which might be of use later. to the stomach I hesitated. Curiosity told me thing. So, with the knife I punctured the fleshy fumes escaped gagging me momentarily, Then open. I had not expected anything but here nestled three gold coins. I snatched them up and wiped my shirt.

It was still daylight when I awoke. bearings, making sure I could find my way back set off it search of water.

How beautiful the wild was. How There were no demands here for more or better. abundantly. The trees, the dense brush, the grass streamed from the earth, I felt I had walked into

I knew what I needed to survive. shelter. I made a water bag of the pig skin and there in small puddles | came across. .

I let the meat cook and cook I stuffed beg oned out the rest. 1 knew that I had b fore | would need to find additional food. tuits here and there and roots and greens. I had whole crop of things one could eat.
