1 knew from the mc [ m, can, nobody oment I saw him that this guy we: Tau’ 2% Armani suit, black sunglasses, and Saunters in here on a Tuesday keeps an Italian leathet briefcase. Ifthat wasn One hand in his coat pocket, a sure sign that he’s n'tbad enough, and he keeps stoppin, following him. Hell, id looking around to see if at least three shadows, some teenage punk girl, a of course people were on his businesswoman, and a blonde guy in a Yankees jacket. had to be from out of town, way out of town. Even just a local boob he'd have more sense than that. 1 sense than that in kindergarten The guy made no pretense about what he was doing marched right up to my desk and leaned over, pulling sunglasses down to the tip of his nose. “I need some

he whispered in a fake British accent. | turned around and looked up at the sign hanging desk. “INFORMATION” was printed in large white letters on a brown sign. “Well, it looks like you got the Mac. Give me an author’s name and I can throw title, or vice versa. You'll have to check over at the desk to see if it’s in right now. If you're after they're probably all checked out.” “Ah, no. Forgive me, I don't think you understand. some confidential files,” he said this with a hiss, “that would interest quite a few people around here.” He hand out of his pocket and patted his briefcase. His left an oily smudge on the fine leather, assuring me that indeed carrying a pistol in his pocket. I decided to continue with my ignorance routine, squeeze a little something out of him for ae eect in the Yankees jacket. He'd helped me outa ew age by dropping me headers pe vere bree $ ror pepe * Pacbcaasaeira Wer its out in the open ae a v d there, too much safe. Few people are ever clippe cre, And besides, it was sort of ohaigap che ep As neutral pond 5 eat re A Fen weet kind of files, Mac? soe reais in’t it? Like computers, y' ‘ a ie ie vnre te glanced down at the beass in front of me. arti vee “Just Anderson, cut the Mist Say aah “Anderson, excuse me. | don’ ttl i harimees He leaned close again and whispered. following me.” i est expression of You don’t say?” 1 gave im my peas peaine! “ *s at least two other people lin, “There $3 stam over the 00 of a Rolling The punk girl sneeres i s leafing through. : arr ‘ket around him again, clutching the ne “Who? Who else?”
