“Hi Ruth. What are you drinking? Whatever it is, order another on me.” She signaled O’Mally, who filled a heavy tumbler with ice and bourbon. “How are things? You still doing all right?”

She tumed and glared at me through those milky eyes, the irises half blanketed by cataracts. “If you mean, am I ready to retire myself to an old folks home, you can kiss my black ass. I may take a little longer to get around, and I suppose I might have to get me a wheelchair one of these days, but I'll be dead drunk before 1 wind up in one of them places. You know they don’t let you drink in there, don’t you? Besides, I'd be bored. What am I gonna do, trade cigarettes to find out who’s wearing dirty underwear that day?”

“Ruth, Ruth, I’m sorry. That's not what I meant.” “Well then, I’m just fine. Now what’s the dig on that foreign boy was in here earlier?”

I briefly gave Ruth a rundown of what Ronny had told me, coupled with the proceedings of the afternoon. “So what do you think? Have you heard anything about these MegaSoft goons?”

She frowned, clinked the ice cubes together in her glass, and sipped the last bit of watered down whiskey from the glass, then pulled the fresh one in front of her. “I don’t know nothing about them international corporations. I steer clear of them. They keep their secrets to themselves, and anybody who uncovers them winds up missing, never to be heard from again. I ain’t never heard of nobody two-timing one of them corporations and not disappearing.”

“I’m nota gambler, Ruth, but this sounds good, real good. If | can put the screws to this meat, I know I can soak it for hard hack on the street, easy. And this goose can go and sell his dope to some other corporate suits and get himself blipped off ifhe wants to.” O’Mally brought me another beer, and I sipped it slowly, licking the heady foam from my lips.

Ruth fell silent and shook her head. She pursed her lips slowly, then spoke in a whisper. “You do what you want. But about twenty years ago, I had a gentleman friend who got his hands on some kind of finance records for MegaSoft. He planned to sell them to an IRS agent he had on the lam. A week later, police dragged up a body from the river, claimed it was my boy. But I went to the funeral and I saw the casket. It sure wasn’t him. My friend was gone and there ain’t no one heard from him since, But you do what you want.” She sipped her drink and fell silent, a heavy frown dragging down her sagging cheeks.

I slipped a twenty in her handbag and dropped a ten on the bar for O’Mally, then walked outside.

I hate the smell of the city at night. All the car exhaust sinks down to strect level and steam rolls out of the sewers. The water in the gutters is black like tar, and you never know if that sound behind you was a raccoon digging for its dinner or a thug about to stick a knife in your spine. | leaned against the brick wall of O’Mally’s, felt the nylon fibers
