“phat’s understandable. You're running around «tically begging fora knife in the back.” a Beate hoe a little miffed at that, “Well, I’m

ay best. I’m just trying to stay alive. Anyway, ended that you are is fellow I need to deal with arrange a trade. You know people who might be interested what I have to sell, correct?”

[ pulled a business card from my shirt pocket stuck it in his hand, then made my way into the room. depends on what you've got to sell. Let’s have a look, we?” I walked to the dresser where the briefcase lay shut. knelt down and peered carefully at the six gold dials, stenciled with a set of black numerals.

“Wait! Don’t try to open it!” “Why not? If you want to sell this stuff somebody, and you need me to figure out who to sell it to, arrange the trade, I’ve at least got to know what you're selling.”

“Well... yes, but...” He twisted up his face obfuscated British knots. “The briefcase is armed with a bomb. If you try to open it and it isn’t unlocked properly, it explode.” “I know. It’s a Kocning model 472. Packs the ofa hand grenade if you miss the right combination.”

“Couldn’t I just sort of tell you what’s in there?” [looked up at him and gave him an expression he was the dumbest biscuit in the dog’s dish.

“Oh, damn it all! Fine, I'll open it.” There was a loud crash and the door slammed The deafening rhyme of a submachinegun erupted from hallway, and my mark fell face forward onto the bed. A stain was blossoming on the back of his Armani suit. The thing I could think was, “that’s gonna be a tough stain to out.” Staying low, I pulled the suitcase off the dresser and behind the far side of the bed. Another short spray of bullets whizzed over my head, lodging in the wall and breaking the sliding glass door that let out onto the fire escape.

I yanked out my pistol and fired a pair of shots over the bed at the black-suited gunmen in the hallway, My heart thud in my chest and I rushed forward as fast could on my hands and knees, cutting my fingers on the bits broken glass. As soon as I was on the fire escape, I down the stairs and dropped from the second floor landing into the alley. I heard shouting from the room above me screaming from other tenants of the hotel. I ran across alley between two apartment buildings and another spray bullets exploded the bricks a few feet from my right arm. whispered a string of obscenities under my breath and ran, briefcase flailing in my left hand.

A figure lit out from the shadows ahead of me, a meaty fist collided with my chest. | dropped to the ground gasping for breath and lost my grip on the pistol. The button man wasted no time in kicking me in the stomach, knocking me onto my back, and leaving me dizzy. He raised that soled Oxford high above my head, I rolled back just in time avoid facial reconstructive surgery, Behind me | could
