When the d Land deep, following the rumbeat faded and the procession away all the vil be : lagers, loca siphoneds™ “4 through the fissures into the temple-leaving at smoke uy npty-Oolee let her quiet weeping grow into a the village ent ering out like the braying of a goat. $ moaning, Wit» os ofone of the yeanlings, Wishing she really mane ee th “4 unthinking and unfeeling, or at least without need 3 eke slice ot prictis and villagers. She had been stupid, daly ife was a sealed scroll, like her father before id she’d almost dared to imagine she might have a ate her mother before that, Nobody, not even father No, her li see discussed Oolee’s mother. Instead, he hushed Oolee the few ti as brought up the question. It was like her life was one imes 8 big secret. Now she saw itall. Her father had escaped the village, probably in search of a mother that escaped to the Uplands before him. Oolee looked at her own flesh. Her hair was pale yellow-white, barely visible. She had been left behind because she didn’t have enough goat in her to survive. No, Oolee thought. Her mother must have been hairless or she would have inherited a double dose of goat. And if her mother wasn't goaty, then... ;

Oolee was ready to accept the truth. The priest was a liar or a fool. She already knew it was true of the rest of the village. Now, it was obvious that the whole of Goatwood and the whole of all of the deep villages was an enormous flock of imbeciles led by one huge imbecile, fat like a gimp cat, white like ice. But, why had Oolee been left behind? Why, ifanybody could defy the will of the Angry God, why didn’t father take her too? It was a question she'd articulated immaturely all her life. Now, it was time to answer it,

poe aed

She'd intentionally ripped her costume when she’d hung it up—did she really think the priest would care?—but it was intact enough to wear, The climb to the top of the village was short work, even for her long-exercized legs.

Oolee wasn’t sure how she intended to exit to the Uplands, but she was driven enough to blind herself to the future. All was uncertainty beyond a few heartbeats time. She concentrated on her footsteps, foot in line with foot. She eschewed the dance of the madman. Stupidity. No, madness. She walked straight and certain,

Any route she might take out would take her past the chapel, and she couldn’t divorce herself from curiosity, She entered the narthex. It was packed except fora wide, clear path to the altar. Drums gave heartbeat to the ceremony. Slinking up behind the crowd, she wasn’t noticed by anyone. All eyes were on the front,

The Coming of Dawn was the only ceremony that took place during the light hours. Normally, cracks in the roof would have rendered this room uninhabitable during the day,
