Ronny nodded and smiled. “Enough. Just the natives here tonight, well, except for earlier.” I raised my eyebrows “Oh he was cute. I love a British accent, it’s so sexy. I've : ich a sucker for the Sean Connery type.” Iways been st awe” «God, you're such a hopeless romantic. At least the bird wasn’t acting like Bogey.”

Ronny clasped his hands and looked up at the ceiling, wishing on a star. “If only.

‘ what’s that gee’s deal?” “Well, he’s straight, but I’m working on him.” “And?” | slid a twenty-dollar bill across the table under my beer mug.

“And I think he’s got some good information. Worth a lot maybe.”

I slid a fifty across the table this time. “And?” “And I think it’s dangerous. Very dangerous. Your mark works for MegaSoft’s British division, or did. He's a scientist from their biological engineering department. Secret stuff going on over there I hear, growing sentient animals, cloning dinos, ct cetera.”

“Lots of suits involved?” “] hope so, an expensive suit is damn sexy. | don’t think anyone's caught up to him just yet, but don’t worry, they will. Told me he got cold feet. Hopped a plane last night bound here, figuring this would be the place he could sell the dirt he’s got, then retire to the Bahamas a rich man, He’s so

actually kind of cute. But they'll find him, sooner rather than later. I’ve never seen anyone act so foolish.”

“That's why I sent him here. I figured he was a peregrine. I knew that you show people the ropes.”

“Well, be a little more careful, please. The two hundred bucks might not be worth it if the shit hits the fan the wrong way. This could be big. The poor baby has no idea what he’s doing. Fortunately, | gave him a few pointers. He asked for a room and some security tonight so I called my driver to pick him up and sent him over to my scatter, the Super 10. I offered to come over and watch him myself, but alas, he declined.”

I sipped my beer and mulled over all this in silence for a few minutes. “I think I might stop by and have a little chat with our international man of mystery, What room is he staying in?”

“3C. Just tell the bruno at the door that the dog broke its chain, he'll let you in. I’d be careful though, your mark was fingering that toy in his pocket the whole time he was here. He’s scared.”

Ronny lit a cigarette and sipped his margarita, which glowed under the blacklight in the comer. I noticed the motes of dust standing out on my jacket as well, like tiny invisible diamonds forced into the light. “Thanks Ronny.”

I walked back up to the bar and saddled up on a vinyl barstool next to Ruth. She lifted a wrinkled brown palm and patted me on the shoulder. “Well, looks like you did take time out to stop and say hello to an old friend after all.”
