‘over, the sky spins above me and I almost fall over. I see an J perched on the apex of our roof, its breast puffed out and wey erking to the side, Its talons clamped to loose shingles. Be bob: ba boosh,” T hoot. The owl is quiet and motionless like some stone gargoyle or statue. Its eyes stay focused on my as I walk in the house ‘i Inside my father sleeps on the couch, the open TV Guide rising and dropping with the movement of his chest. The TV is off air and the black and white speckles of white noise fill the room with the sound of rushing water. My mother’s cat lies on the kitchen table, scanning out the window for the stealthy critters of night. I pass my parents’ bedroom in the hall upstairs. I stop, lean my wobbling body against the doorframe of my bedroom, and go back to my parent’s room and flip the light on. There’s the violet comforter and all the matching paintings and fake flower arrangements sitting placidly under the dust. I turn off the light, fall into their bed and dream about finding my first bicycle, which was sold many years ago ina garage sale, In my dream, | find it in acave on the gray beach of a desert island one stormy night.

Just after six the next evening, I arise from my dark room to someone pounding on the front door. I squint at the light that pushes through the open door and it's a shadowy figure of Luci, grinning like a politician

Is your father home?” he asks. “Nope,” I say, drooping at my pulsing hangover. “Clearly that’s his car in the driveway,” he says and points at my father’s A: ‘ord.

“Clearly,” I say “Did you give him the letter? I thought for sure he’d call. 1 want to make sure he understands our point of view on the matter.”

I start to close the door but Luci wedges his foot in. “Our intentions are for the good of the community. He understands that?” he asks.

“Clearly,” I say. Luci scoffs down the driveway, the lapels of his suit jacket lifting against his stride.

1 walk the hallway to the family room. The house is dark except for the lamp on the end table by my father’s chair, which casts a soft glow on a large U-haul box. It sits in front of my father who has kicked off the loafers and his black socks
