curses the carelessness of youth again, wonde; are such self-absorbed and savage bastards. Ting Why kids He never did anything like this in his youth, never drunkenly cay automobile into a telephone pole, never smashed mail Le with a Louisville Slugger, never back-talked his mother of bones never wore his hair long, never slapped a pretty Birl on the ace” never got into trouble, He had always made his Parents oe his mother had called him a “little adult.” LSet ascent up the sidewalk to his apartment building Theda Gritting his teeth, Raymond begi has become a marathon and the stinging in his knees and hands flashes like a traffic signal. He inches along, spitting outa vulgarity every foot, He pauses twice to make sure no aa watching. The little girl across the street looks on with tears in her eyes and whispers her dream to her bear. After peat of blood he has left on the sidewalk, a map of his heart Painted more like days, he climbs onto the porch. He ignores the trai] onto the concrete.

He carefully rises to one foot. He wobbles on that copascetic knee, fumbling for the keys in his pocket, and a cloud of dizziness engulfs him like a swarm of flies. His left foot automatically steps down to correct his failing balance, jarring the shard against a bone and releasing a burning gout of blood. Sweat breaks out on his forehead and he bites down on his lower lip to withhold a scream. White motes float across his vision. The world goes topsy-turvy as he careens backwards. The back of his head collides with the sidewalk, his yellowed teeth bite through his bottom lip. The last thought he has before blacking out is a bitter one: he left the newspaper lying at the curb.

A

When Raymond floats into semiconsciousness, he finds himself surrounded by a flurry of spinning white clouds. They are figures in white clothing, and he is lying ina hospital bed, the sheets bleached white. The faces and words are unformed, and he cannot feel his body. He feels the sort of Escher-like lucidity that comes on the very edge of sleep. In this state everything rolls back on itself like a Mobius strip; dreams bleed into reality, the future causes the past, and the dead rise from their graves. He moans. His cars detect this undead sound; it becomes the gibbering of a mad prisoner in the next cell. Fear grips his belly. He looks around wid Only one figure remains motionless, its broad shoulders crisp hospital uniform. Raymond tries to focus, pick 0% details of the liquid face. The face solidifies, ai ees appearance of his father, but younger, more like his face face might have been if he had lived to twenty yea", shifts again, the checks rising like tectonic plates sinking further in, becoming the face of a had once beat him so badly that he had to week to recover, It is the face of a young
