didn’t have the stable. In ‘ e thi y. We wi another five or ten le city. We were finally getting

It’s all I've ever : nown.” So I stood in the sh; jadow of O'Mally's, the same gin Vilion Ws Fane : one for his evening drink Buns, back befor y sy

oaks and poplars. sw; see a mrt tpi cht under a weeping willow, I wanted to human waste, I w; need ox something besides coon that liv , a midnight cries, nauseated by the mor tiver. I was sick of it all, It w. sp pdarhibstier a a as all I'd ever known.

I suppose I'd made my decision before I’d even left the apartment, because I had my 38 strapped under my shoulder, and a camera, our cell phone, and lockpicks in my pockets. I circled through the same three or four blocks half a dozen times to throw anyone who might have been on my tail, then hailed a -43hack and rode fifteen minutes over to another bar just a block south of the Super 10. After scouting around the block, I entered through the service door in the alley, which was unlocked. I kept my head down and my jacket collar pulled up, in case of any hidden cameras. I ran up the stairs in threes and stopped in front of tan steel door with the giant number “3” stenciled onit.

[entered the hallway and told the granite slab of a guard that the dog had broken its chain. “Go grab yourself some hooch on me, pal.” I slapped a ten in his palm, “Give me fifteen.” He shrugged and walked off towards the elevator. Thinking I might be able to catch my mark asleep and make a clean sneak, | started to fumble with the lockpicks, but realized after a few seconds that the door was unlocked. I just shook head. : : Bas I opened the door and slipped into the room as quietly as possible, carefully closing ae door hae me. | turned around to see the barrel 0) ih che ne | of a pistol in my ‘ a there, William Tell y sweating and his Ashes hands were shaking enough that he might i d fired. have actually missed me . ifte fake-sounding accent. 1 “Oh, its you, nerves are a bit He lowered his gue. rattled.”
