ribs yi theie nylon Jumpsuits chaff jog b hub and flick the s ersation between their by W } reath, We smoke cigarettes to the “* as they choke out a disappearing Side’ eee filters rolling into the gaps of the a : hind us, I fall behind to tie my shoe ey 8wn's curves shifting in my mother’s fobstmbesiag with sad nostalgia, the intimation of fea abion res 4 boy fretfully following my mother be eat sale rack in department stores and shopping @ new cul-de-sac under J A couple streets over from my father’s house there's after this Luci houses being built. It sounds lik ing from one of the chump. There's musi coming oom on of the accompaniment, some so ‘¢ an Oboe with French horn Stl pags papas yen of classical duet. A wire-meshed lone ba a a bunch of scrap waste, Stacks of I tom the gravel darkness of the garage, The ig boards extend fi ¥ painted on a large wooden plank that leans against the gara i! house is just a bare skeletal structure. There’s an address spra Several of the same planks serve as a walkway to the jaa front door. A small lamp is clamped to one of the long boards,

its orange glow shimmers on a longhaired, bearded man sanding the end of a What kind of board. Fawn stops and stares.

I move toward the listens to plank walkway, creeping

carefully so not to step music?” on any of _ the construction adhesive

tubes scattered around the mud and rocks of the front yard. Fawn trembles at the end of the driveway, now a mud hole housing the dirty tires of an old Chevette, every inch of it covered in dust, supplying all of the bored neighborhood scooter posses an easel for their “wash me” renderings. | wave over Fawn, but she’s still trepid so | grab her by her hand and squeeze a little confidence into her. She submits and I feel the sweaty quaver of her hands. Mud has caked the bottom of my shoes, The man inside clears his of throat and Fawn tenses up. She’s probably revisiting our childhood warnings to stay away from construction workers issued by our parents, maybe sarin by hes wan ane welcoming, an inhibition hammere ; bovis of mothers, all of us forced to stay 19 and play Super Mario Bods fei Se oy our thrills in the Se We play asilentlittle game leone tenner ing darkness of the outs . and she fights like I'm tying 0 om eaten tobe ised, T guess I’ve done this sort of thing once ani vit mount the cinder ist. on porch y ‘ listen for echoing stops on and {only hear mi an floor. M : sic, The sanding
