“Hey, people have to make a living somehow, hon.” “Yeah, but do they have to send their kids out to do 7 mean, come on, that girl should have been at school.”

I shrugged and drank my beer. | didn’t bother to mention that I'd been shadowing people between classes by the time I was twelve for money to buy soda and cigarettes “pi do a sweep of the building on Saturday, see if they've stuck any wireless bugs anywhere.”

“How was your day?” she asked. “Pick up any right rags going around?”

“Not really. Well, there was this one bird. Real rube. a peregrine I guess. Guy's acting completely obvious, running around in this James Bond getup and asking to meet someone anyone, who he can sell some dope to. | sent the guy over to O’Mally’s just to get him out of there. There were at least three people tailing him already.”

“What's the wire on him?” “No clue.” “Why didn’t you get a slant? If this guy’s such a sap, he should have been easy to chiscl.” “Sure I could have. But I didn’t want to step on any toes. I've got a great job that a lot of other people would like to have. I got it because I never tip my mitt and I always play wise. 1 do good work, I find out the rap for people, and that's it. There could be halfa dozen hits on this mark for all I know, and I don’t want to get my nose cut off if I don’t know what I’m sticking it in. And besides, I felt bad for the guy. He'll be lucky if he doesn’t get a shiv in the back walking across the street. Ronny will help him out, get him on the bulge. And then I can talk to Ronny and find out the peach on him. I want to find out who sent him to me.”

“But you run the information desk at the Public Library, anybody who knows anything comes to you to find it out.” “Yeah, but this guy didn’t know anything, and he put me in a dangerous spot.” “But if the mark does get poked before he gets to O'Mally’s?” “Nobody will bother him. Like I said, nobody knows who this guy is. Could be a runaway from some megacorporate bombshell with bigwig suits after his ass. Nobody wants to toss in their chips until they know what the stakes are. Anyway, what’s for dinner?”

“[ thought we'd order Chinese.” “As long as it’s not from Oriental Emperor. Last time we ordered from there I found metal shavings in my fried rice, remember?” I shook my head. “It’s damn unprofessional. Who were they trying to kill, you or me? I mean, if you're trying to bop someone, you ought to have better odds than fifty-fifty, am I right?”

Later that evening after Evelyn and I made love, got up and dressed, I wanted to stay in bed and relax, I should have stayed in bed and relaxed, but my curiosity got the better
