The orderly peers down at Raymond over Wire-rim ses and grins, his young teeth aerec) yenowed by smoking xe ‘about the room and the old man’s eyes follow his Hee ers that have appeared on the windows, the paddin, Os engulfed the walls. These things were not ane tet ents before, the orderly put them there, or perhaps mom brought them himself. He tilts his head, listening to SS shiftless whining of the other drooling fools. There is gs the old man’s eyes. The shimmering doctors and sstike nurses leave. The young orderly stays, hovering at of the bed. the edge Raymond mumbles incoherently, and his voice s the orderly’s voice. “Couldn't take the loneliness, 7 the young man wonders aloud. “Couldn't take the Joneliness and cracked,” he says as he leans over and snaps his fingers next 10 the old man’s ear. His young fingers wrap around the pale wrists and bind them tightly in the leather cuffs grown from the side of the gumey. “What is it like to be old? Your skin sagging and your muscles atrophied? How long have you been sitting in a chair in a dark corner? You look like you've een old your entire life.” The tears stand out in the damaged man’s eyes and the orderly screws a wicked smile onto his face. The orderly walks slowly across the room, gazes out the window and shakes his head. “What does it feel like to bea wrinkled nobody? Do you have memories? Do they mean the metal bars tightly. His knuckles turn white. “My memory anything?” The orderly walks back to the gurney and grips isthin, there is only the now for me, only this moment. That's youth, you see, to live in this moment, because this is the only moment that ever is.” The Mobius strip is turning in Raymond’s mind. He mumbles and his ears hear the orderly’s voice again. “TH forget you the moment I leave this room, do you understand?” The orderly grasps Raymond's left foot and a wave of pain numbs everything for a moment. The figure grinning at him shimmers, the whole room shimmers, and then the pain subsides. It leaves him weak, incompetent, his mind twisting ‘Onitself in paradoxical loops. The orderly becomes solid again,
