of my jacket cling to the bricks, and watched a prostitute a block away across the street. She was young, still pretty even. didn’t see any pimps around, so I guessed that she was new to this. Her shoulder length hair was bleached blonde, and under the dead light of the street lamp, the eyeshadow she wort made her eyes into dark pits. She had curvy hips and a bright smile. She wore a bright red miniskirt and a sparkly top. She stepped carefully in her black leather heels up to the curb gs a white sport utility vehicle slowed to a crawl. She called out to him and shook her breasts back and forth. The van stopped and the passenger side door swung open. The girl skipped across the headlights of the SUV, leaving a pair of brief silhouettes on the pavement, and climbed in, pulling the door shut behind her. The vehicle pulled away from the curb and sped into the night, leaving behind nothing but the stink of burnt gasoline drowning out her little cloud of perfume, which itself was trying to drown out her own very human smells.

As I walked down the block, my thoughts were spinning. I wasn’t one to take dangerous risks, that’s why I’m still alive and had the job at the library. | made decent dough at the Information desk, but turned around and spent most of it on more dirt, that’s the way the job worked, That’s the way everything works in this town. And then I thought about Evelyn. We had traveled upstate the week before toher younger sister's wedding. The event was set on a country hill inthe spring sunshine, clover and dandelions bursting out everywhere. Everyone was happy, my niece and nephew from Evelyn’s older brother were angelic, not a hurtful word was spoken, and I felt a deep emptiness inside. It made me think about being a father. Evelyn and I talked about it that night. Wecame to the conclusion that we lived a different lifestyle. Neither of us wanted to raise kids in this city. If they didn't wind up being dips, guns, pro skirts, or hop-heads, they’d wind up chilled off. bie “Ilove my job, though,” I had said, lying in bed next

“Mine isn’t so bad either,” she had replied. Kea “Warped as it is, I’ve adapted to the lifestyle here, ve ever known.” rou “So have I,” she had replied, trying to back me up: justia li hereyes that she didn’t really feel it, that she was “ying to be rational, reasonable, use common sense. We
