Fawn w ants another round of tug-o-war but I let go and k down the planks. withdrawals bac “Chr 1 hiss, “What kind of madman listens ol cal music tupid question. I tiptoe inside, They havent classed dry wall yet so there are visible gaps between instal beams. The bearded man sits Indian style on ne deflating a faded Cincinnatt Bengals bench cushion. sneak forward but the damn mud on my Nikes comes down a thump on the floor. “| don’t have the money,” the man says in a composed tone, like the voice of a guidance counselor, “That’s okay,” I say, “rent’s not due until the house is built.”

The man tums his head. He’s calm. “You shouldn't be here, this place is dangerous,” the man says

“1 don't know. Seems like some solid carpentry,” say, knocking on a wooden beam, twittering nervously at dualism of it. “We saw a light on and wanted to check it Name’s Keith.”

The man looks back at me and nods. “Well, Keith, you saw lights and decided to check it out. Ballsy, you don’t even know what you're walking into. What's this ‘we’ business? Who you got with you?”

“Fawn,” | yell out into the dark. “She's a bit scared. Read the backs of too many milk 4 cartons. Fawn!”

The man stands up and wipes the sawdust off the back of his jeans. He's wearing a 4 black Stryper shirt. His hair is greasy and small / strands arch in a sparse nest at the part in the middle. Long tresses drape over his shoulders. He turns off a CD boom box, splashes of paint mottled all over it with a powdering of sawdust.

Fawn shies in behind me. “It’s all right, Fawn. don’t think he can fit us in that Chevette with all those in there. No carpenter would trade his tools for anything. He'd have to cut us up first,” I say.

Fawn loses the color in her face, looks about to many things held up inside of her. The man laughs intoa coughing and spits. “You got balls,” he says, wheezing. “Bigger balls than you know.”

Fawn peeks over my shoulder. I feel her shaking hand on the small of my back.

“You can call me Stryper. Step into the light let's sce that dress,” Stryper says.

1 elbow Fawn in the ribs and nod my head. Stryper extends his hand to her and she places hers, soft and quivering, into his and he twirls her. She spins awkwardly, her legs with fear.

“That’s some dress, honey. Never seen one like it,” Stryper says. “You Keith’s girl?”

“Not exactly,” I say, cutting her off. “We've known each other forever.”
