maybe. People talk. | see women at their front windows; their phone cords coiled around them, the curtains bounce shut at their retreat. | wonder why we are supposed to cover up everything in our lives that is incomplete, like a sheet over a sculpture, What if we let dust gather on the things we neglect?

1 receive half-smiles from people walking their chows. They don’t even put on their plastic gloves and clean up when Buckley or Rufus bows up by our mailbox.

I walk barefoot down the sidewalk to Fawn’s house. Patriotic balloons are tied to her mailbox. Sunlight gleams on the hoods of a Jeep and Mazda parked on the street.

I eavesdrop on two women at Fawn’s garage sale, the rusted hangers squeak as they sift through my mother’s old pattern dresses, some cotton with painted flowers, some denim with sewn patches.

“It’s hideous. We're pitching in and hiring the University Painters. I brought it up at the Civic Association meeting. We really should do Walt looks something,” one of them says, her flimsy hand waves the point home. disapproval, Under them, a toddler throws Tigger to looks across the oil and gum stains on the floor. Coins rattle in a tin box. I flip through a at Sam who wooden crate of records, some Barry Manilow, some Neil Diamond, a I’m the frayed Marvin Gaye.

“It’s so tacky. They can’t live like that,” in the other one says, craning her neck in sympathy.

I stand by Fawn, who sits in a white plastic chair with a TV tray set in front of her. She fidgets like somebody who's pretending to be busy, like she just walked in on people yelling at each other. | hike my pants up with my fists in my pockets, scanning the folding tables of relics, the empty bike pegs on the far wall, and the panel of an attic on the ceiling, She rests her head on her hand and peaks at me through the comer of her eyes. She opens the tin box for me. There are some wrinkled dollar bills with phone numbers forgotten one-nighters written on them in ink, draped over mound of coins. One of them portrays Washington with black eye and a mustache.

“Hmm,” I say. She shuts the box and pours me cup of iced tea.

I walk to the end of the driveway and look back over my shoulder at the house. It’s immaculate, nota single dent the aluminum siding. The shingles are straight and stiff and
